Chapter 393 - The Lucky Person Who Was Crushed By The Slime (3)

[What girl’s heart? Didn’t you see the giant Nine Li Battle Beast just now? Didn’t you see the normal-sized Butterfly of Imagination? They’re all so handsome, alright? You lost if you were deceived by their appearance.]

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Holy shit, is that a Water Slime???]

Apart from Buggy and Chi Tong, Susu was also summoned.

Originally, the little sword spirit of an unknown race should have caused the most discussion and let people discuss what pet this was.

However, Susu quickly stole Chi Tong’s limelight.

The reason was not that no one knew it, but because they knew the Slime race too well, so they were very stunned.

“Contestant Shi Yu summoned three more pets!! One is the Butterfly of Imagination, the other is a fire-element sword spirit, and the other is the Water Slime?”

Water Slime, a pet of transcendent race.

Although it was much stronger than the Green Silkworm and the Dragon Carp and was even rarer in Dong Huang, this couldn’t let it escape the fact that it was at the bottom of the elemental food chain.

No one was surprised that Shi Yu had broken through to the master level and could contract five pets. However, Shi Yu, who had contracted two overlord races, had given a contract slot to a pet like the Water Slime. Many people were extremely confused.

[No, you can’t judge a book by its cover. Have you forgotten about the transcendent ginseng baby just now???]

[A transcendent ginseng baby that can instantly attract 100,000 ferocious beasts, is this reasonable? It’s probably a thousand-year-old ginseng!]

[This Water Slime must also be terrifyingly strong. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been contracted by Big Boss Shi Yu!]

That was right. The initial form of the Nine Li Battle Beast, the initial form of the Green Silkworm of the Butterfly of Imagination, and that ginseng baby didn’t look like very powerful pets. However, the few in Shi Yu’s hands clearly looked different from other Iron-eating Beasts, other Green Silkworms, and other ginseng babies. This Water Slime was definitely in the same situation.

At this moment, countless spectators were more willing to believe that this Water Slime was also very unusual. However, they were more curious about what was so extraordinary about this Water Slime that Shi Yu could contract it.

With this thought in mind, everyone continued watching.

In the scene, Shi Yu carried Baby Ginseng and called Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and Susu.

“Buggy, you’re in charge of guarding the east.”

“Eleven, you guard the west.”

“Chi Tong, you guard the south.”

“Susu, guard the north. I’ll leave that enemy to you.”

The Four Holy Beasts, Green Worm Buggy, White Panda Eleven, Fire Bird Chi Tong, Turtle Shell Susu. Perfect!

“Baby Ginseng, continue to release your fragrance here. Next, ferocious beasts and contestants will come from all directions. As long as ferocious beasts and contestants enter your vision, deal with them. Don’t place them on me and Baby Ginseng. Let’s see who can defeat more opponents. The prizes for eliminating contestants and dealing with monarch-level ferocious beasts are all yours. They’ll be divided according to number.”

“In that case, it’s more efficient than moving together.”

“Wu?” “Wu?” “Mi?” “Ning?”

The four pets were stunned and then full of energy.

“Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng cried. Why couldn’t it go? Why did it have to continue releasing fragrance as bait? It could fight too!!

“Of course, the final reward will definitely be divided with Baby Ginseng. It’s all up to it to gather monsters.”

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng was delighted. That was more like it. This was what it meant to be lying down and winning?

Moreover, two overlords had already been blown up. Baby Ginseng was indeed not interested in the small characters here!

After Shi Yu made the arrangements, the four pets started moving.

Electricity lingered around Eleven’s body. It used electromagnetic levitation and flew with the power of lightning. It instantly turned into a lightning afterimage and flew west.

As for Buggy, it teleported and instantly disappeared from the spot, heading east.

Chi Tong made a “Mi” sound and burned the power of the Sun Flame, turning into an orange-red sword light that flew south.

As for Susu, it didn’t have their speed. Its speed was only one level faster than Baby Ginseng. However, this was merely the speed ranking in the team. Buggy had Instant Transmission, and Eleven and Chi Tong had full-level speed racial skills. Susu naturally couldn’t compare. But outside the team, its speed was also very terrifying.

After all, it was an elemental creature. After mastering the ability of elementalization, it was basically a flying expert. It wasn’t something Baby Ginseng could compare to with its speed of condensing wings with grass.

“Ning!!”

With a whoosh, Susu compressed the huge water elemental power onto its body and compressed itself into a high-speed water spear that shot out. In an instant, it also turned into a blue afterimage, like a high-speed shooting star, and flew fiercely in the direction it wanted to guard.

Because Susu was at the bottom of the team in the previous internal competition, in order to take care of Susu, Shi Yu gave it a battle result for free. Just now, the area where they had captured the contestants was the north where Susu was about to go!

“Eh!!!” At the same time, Shi Yu summoned all his pets in one go and sent out four of them, including the powerful overlord race, the Butterfly of Imagination, and the Nine Li Battle Beast. The scene directly shocked all the audience and made the host speechless.

He… He actually… scattered his pets??

Was he letting his pets find someone to fight on their own?!