Chapter 394 - The Lucky Person Who Was Crushed By The Slime (4)

“Contestant Shi Yu, after he summoned all his pets, he actually sent four of them out, leaving only a ginseng baby beside him! What does he want to do!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the contestant area of Spirit Capital University, the ten elites who participated in the team battle and hundreds of teachers and students looked at the Water Slime that turned into a water afterimage and flew towards the north towards Li Qiu in shock. For a moment, their brains couldn’t process it.

The other pets were alright. There were no contestants or active ferocious beasts in a certain range, but the Water Slime was quickly approaching Li Qiu.

The speed of the water jet was actually much faster than the tornado sparrow just now!

Swoosh!

Soon, the Water Slime Susu shot into the sky above Li Qiu. Then, it suddenly landed and looked at the enemy!!

The creature that suddenly descended also shocked Li Qiu and his Dragon Tornado Sparrow, who were hiding on the ground and silently observing the situation. Then, they saw the… Water Slime that landed on the ground?

“Wh-what’s going on?” Li Qiu and the Tornado Sparrow looked at the Water Slime that had descended without anyone noticing with stunned expressions.

Water Slime?

When?

At this moment, in the valley surrounded by mountain walls, Li Qiu stood on the ground with the Tornado Sparrow beside him. The two had already left their riding state, and the Water Slime landed opposite them and faced them.

Seeing the Water Slime sent by Shi Yu descend beside Li Qiu from afar, apart from Li Qiu, who still didn’t know what was going on, the audience behind the scenes widened their eyes in disbelief.

Holy shit, Shi Yu, the Beast Tamer himself, didn’t move. He directly sent a pet to snipe Li Qiu???

He had indeed discovered Li Qiu, right!!

However, was he serious about only sending one Water Slime?

Don’t tell them that this Water Slime’s growth level had also been cultivated to the monarch level by Shi Yu!!

Although the contestants of the individual competition were all outstanding figures of the nine major universities, among these masters, two to three monarch-level pets were considered outstanding.

All five contracted were at the monarch level. That situation was very, very rare.

Moreover, even if it reached the monarch level, did it have to fight one against six and deal with Li Qiu and his other five pets he contracted?

The confrontation between the captain of Spirit Capital University, Li Qiu, and the Water Slime sent by Shi Yu immediately made all the spectators who were paying attention to the individual preliminaries of the National League swallow their saliva.

“Ning!!!” In the next moment, the Water Slime in the scene erupted with strong power, instantly making Li Qiu and the Dragon Tornado Sparrow’s pupils shrink.

Boom!!!

It was as if an invisible blue tsunami erupted from the Water Slime’s body!

As it looked at its opponent, the surrounding air began to hum and vibrate. A substantial deterrence wave formed a blue deterrence aura around it. This scene suddenly made Li Qiu and the tornado cloud reveal extremely serious expressions.

Monarch aura, expert in deterrence?

Water Slime, how was this possible!

A terrifying deterrence wave spread!

“Tornado Sparrow,” Li Qiu called.

Li Qiu’s Dragon Tornado Sparrow was not to be trifled with either. It also instantly erupted with a strong deterrence wave. It was actually also an expert-level deterrence. The almost substantial green deterrence aura quickly pressed down on the Water Slime.

But…

Crack.

With the Water Slime as the center, the deterrence that spread out cracked the surrounding ground and rocks. Li Qiu and the Dragon Tornado Sparrow’s gazes were immediately shocked to the extreme.

It wasn’t expert level deterrence.

It was a perfect-level deterrence that could materialize and cause physical destruction!!!

Boom!

The monarch aura erupted by the Dragon Tornado Sparrow was immediately shattered. A terrifying deterrence enveloped the Dragon Tornado Sparrow and Li Qiu.

The Dragon Tornado Sparrow’s spiritual consciousness instantly trembled. It directly felt a suffocating terrifying aura. It looked at the little creature in front of it in disbelief, its face filled with incomprehension. Its mental state was seriously affected.

As for Li Qiu, he wasn’t much better. The defensive pendant equipment on his chest trembled violently and swayed. It even showed signs of cracking, making Li Qiu’s face pale. It was a little difficult for him to do anything else. His thoughts and movements were restricted.

At the same time, dazzling water waves gathered in the Water Slime’s mouth and wrapped around it with shocking deterrence.

Transcendent Level Deterrence, Deterrence Entanglement!

At this moment, Li Qiu’s pupils constricted again as he felt an incomparable threat.

“F*ck, it’s not perfect, it’s transcendent. What the hell!!!” he shouted.

Then, its body erupted with powerful potential. As it resisted the deterrence with difficulty, it erupted with all its strength and used its wind-element strengthening talent on the Tornado Sparrow!

Buzz!

The aura of the Dragon Tornado Sparrow rose steadily. In the blink of an eye, its strength far exceeded before.

However, as the terrifying water that had been compressed to the extreme moved in the Water Slime, Li Qiu and the Tornado Sparrow were not at ease at all.

Boom!!!

Deterrence Armor, Water Element Control, Water Cannon!

It was fired!

The blue light flowed in the Water Slime’s mouth and eyes. With a boom, it was incomparably thick and its speed was astonishing. It compressed the water cannon the size of a sea and directly locked onto the Tornado Sparrow with deterrence and attacked.

“Jiu!!!” At this moment, under the two levels of deterrence lock-on, the Tornado Sparrow still found it difficult to move. It could only condense the “Jade of Wind” in its mouth with difficulty and use a compressed and spiral huge wind ball to resist this water cannon.