Chapter 398 - Butterfly With Physical Strength Comparable To A Dragon (2)

At this moment, Buggy was overjoyed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He didn’t expect himself to be so lucky to encounter a bonus so quickly.

Buggy was very happy, but Chu Yi’ang and the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon were not very happy.

The Butterfly of Imagination?! Why?!

Holy shit.

“As expected, there were other contestants nearby who were attracted by the natural treasures. This pet…”

“This pet is… Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination!”

There were only 21 contestants in the individual competition. Chu Yi’ang had memorized almost all the known pet information of the contestants, let alone a celebrity pet like Buggy. It was instantly recognized by Chu Yi’ang.

After leaving Shi Yu, as it was going to fight, Buggy returned to its normal state, so it was not difficult for the other party to recognize it.

No, compared to normal, to be precise, it was called battle mode now.

The battle state of the Dragon of Imagination!

At the moment, Buggy was doing training to transform the Dragon of Imagination state into its normal state. Compared to Eleven and the others’ explosive skills, its Dragon of Imagination, as long as it didn’t use high-level props to exceed its limit, was actually not that difficult to bear now. It was easier to use than Eleven’s Inner Power, Chi Tong’s Infinite Converging Sword, and Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit.

Most importantly, after transforming into a dragon’s physique, it could specially magnify the advantage of a certain dragon race, such as the advantage of a dragon with powerful recovery abilities, to make up for its endurance. For example, if it transformed its physique into the physique of the Sky Dragon God, just eating air could recover its physical fitness. Of course, with Buggy’s current ability, it definitely couldn’t do a perfect transformation, but even if it replicated a trace of its physique, it would benefit infinitely.

These were all the benefits of visualizing the Dragon God Statue, giving Buggy various choices that approached perfection.

If Buggy’s stats were like this: life force (extremely low), energy value (medium), physique (extremely low), then in the Dragon of Imagination state, it was this: life force (extremely high), energy value (extremely high), physique (extremely high), and was extremely ferocious.

Such a ferocious quality naturally made the enemy feel a strong threat.

In an instant, Chu Yi’ang didn’t say anything else. Although he didn’t know why he didn’t see the Beast Tamer, he immediately ran as if this butterfly was a calamity!

No way!!

If it were other contestants, he might still fight, but Shi Yu… He couldn’t see through him. As one of the few overlord races in this competition, only a fool would fight head-on!

However, Chu Yi’ang also seemed to feel that running was useless.

Therefore, the moment the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon and he turned around, another Thunder Crown Feather Dragon instantly appeared between them and the Butterfly of Imagination!

“Look, contestant Chu Yi’ang and contestant Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination have met! However, contestant Chu Yi’ang doesn’t seem to have any intention of fighting. Instead, he immediately turned and left. However, in order to stop the Butterfly of Imagination, he used his Beast Taming Talent, ‘Clone’!”

“The Beast Taming Talent, ‘Clone’, is similar to the pet’s Clone Skill, but not completely the same. Through this Clone Talent, the Beast Tamer can create a clone with 100% perfect replication of the pet’s strength. However, the duration of this clone depends on the Beast Tamer’s physical fitness. At the moment, the new Thunder Crown Feather Dragon is clearly the clone of contestant Chu Yi’ang’s Thunder Crown Feather Dragon. Although it’s a clone, it also has a completely similar strength!”

“I wonder if this Thunder Crown Feather Dragon’s clone can buy some time for contestant Chu Yi’ang’s tactical retreat…”

The scene on the screen turned into a confrontation between the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon and the Butterfly of Imagination in the blink of an eye.

The audience took a deep breath.

Most people had only heard of the Butterfly of Imagination, but they had never seen it fight.

Spirit, space, what kind of sparks could these two attributes create?

Only some spectators from Imperial Capital University thought of some bad memories.

In order to buy enough time for Chu Yi’ang to retreat, the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon’s entire body was surrounded by blue-purple flames as it attacked the Butterfly of Imagination!

“Roar!!!—”

Suddenly, the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon’s flying speed increased, releasing an aura that made the air tremble. With a whoosh, it tore through the air, and its flying speed turned into an afterimage. At the same time, blue-purple flames surged all over its body, and the flames all over its body led the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon’s flying speed. The aura filled with killing intent was mixed with the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon’s faith. Seeing this scene, the audience immediately recognized this unique skill.

“It’s a super skill, Dragon Charge!!!” The two commentators said, “A dragon-element ultimate skill that can cause physical and elemental damage!!”

“The incomparable physique of the dragons, together with their unique dragon energy, dragon-type skills have always been synonymous with destructive power!”

The blazing blue and purple dragon figure surged forward.

Although Dragon Charge was a dragon-type skill, it also had some fire and lightning properties. It was very easy to cause burning and paralysis effects. It was a very threatening skill.

This powerful move was definitely not to be touched by bugs, especially weak bugs like butterflies.

Even overlord-level butterfly-type creatures were unwilling to be attacked by the dragon-type skills of monarch-level dragons.

The audience understood this, so they subconsciously judged the next situation.

However, just as everyone thought that the Butterfly of Imagination would use its skill to counterattack violently or dodge through the strange spatial element, a shocking scene occurred.

The Butterfly of Imagination didn’t move on the spot, completely ignoring the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon that was charging towards it!!