Chapter 400 - Baby Ginseng Crushing The Land

“The second one.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the center of the Yunying Mountain Range, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng sat quietly on the huge rock.

Susu had solved one, and Buggy had also solved one. Not bad.

“A little more.”

Shi Yu was happy to be free.

His leisure and smile fell into the eyes of the audience. He was completely a demon.

“Another, another, another one!”

“The pet sent by contestant Shi Yu has eliminated another contestant!”

“This is the Dong Huang Radio and Television Station. At the moment, it’s broadcasting the individual preliminaries of the National League for you. contestant Shi Yu’s pets are simply unbelievable. The weak butterfly-type creature actually insta-killed the dragon-type with just its physical body?”

“Even if its overlord race, this…”

The entire country’s audience was numb.

Especially those Beast Tamers who had cultivated the evolution form of the Green Silkworm Butterfly.

They summoned their butterflies and pinched their delicate skin. They were speechless.

[Butterflies: Excuse me???]

“Wu wu!”

The encounter between the Butterfly of Imagination and contestant Chu Yi’ang from Divine Capital University made the teachers and students of Spirit Capital University extremely excited.

Li Qiu, the captain of Spirit Capital University, sat back in the audience with a blank expression. He kept feeling that this scene was familiar.

Only the teachers and students of Divine Capital University had bitter expressions.

They knew that this pet that Shi Yu had contracted early couldn’t be weak.

However, they were really sad that Chu Yi’ang was insta-killed without being able to fight back.

At least hold on for a while…

As long as they successfully fought back a bit, Divine Capital University wouldn’t lose face. After all, everyone knew that Shi Yu was very strong and that he had entered the top 100 of the Sequence battle.

But… a dragon-type pet was shattered by a butterfly-type creature with just a wing. What was this?

Even if it was a clone, it was a clone that matched 100% of the main body’s strength. Moreover, the main body didn’t show off much. It was directly smashed down by someone’s Psychic power from ten thousand meters away… and insta-killed by a low-level mental skill.

How embarrassing!

Only Shi Yu, the gem cat, and a few others knew that this… was completely normal.

Chu Yi’ang didn’t have any strengthening talent. In terms of energy value, his Thunder Crown Feather Dragon wasn’t even two million. It was over-killed by Buggy several times. In addition, it was a mere alternative dragon. No matter how strong its physique was, compared to the perfect dragon physique that had absorbed the advantage of the demigod-level Dragon God physique, it was nothing in front of an expert.

This time, Gu Yu and Han Lu, the two commentators, also learned to be smart. They directly got the three big shots on the platform to explain this ridiculous phenomenon again.

After a moment of silence, President Xia said, “That’s why I said that contestant Shi Yu is a genius.”

“As everyone knows, Dr. Zuo successfully let the Green Silkworm obtain the Phoenix Race bloodline during the evolution process and evolve into an Ice Phoenix Moth with the characteristics of a Phoenix.”

“In fact, everyone should have heard of the natural phenomenon that appeared when contestant Shi Yu’s Green Silkworm evolved at the Butterfly Meeting. At that time, a divine dragon appeared.”

“Therefore, I think that contestant Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination might have used dragon-element resources to strengthen its physique when it evolved, and it succeeded!”

“For example, dragon blood and dragon balls are resources that can strengthen other lives and physiques. To be able to absorb such resources so perfectly during the evolution of the Green Silkworm, as expected of a genius researcher who can develop the evolution chain of the Green Silkworm cocoon…”

President Xia explained weakly, but that was the only explanation.

Everyone acknowledged and understood what he said, and they knew that it was the truth.

Everyone naturally saw the situation of the Butterfly Meeting.

However, the problem now was that Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination was no longer as simple as its physique being improved by dragon-element resources!

It was useless. It insta-killed a quasi overlord dragon type that was using a super dragon type skill!!

Even a divine dragon of the high-level overlord race couldn’t do it!

If dragon-element resources were so impressive, the price wouldn’t still be suppressed by time, space, and other attributes. Moreover, this Butterfly of Imagination was a spiritual and spatial attribute.

What resource could strengthen it so ridiculously?

“Wu wu wu, my Dragon Ball, my Dragon Ball.” President Xia touched the Gem Cat’s sore spot. As soon as he finished speaking, in the audience seats of Ancient Capital University, the gem cat immediately pressed its cat claws on its face and cried silently with tears streaming down its face. This, this, this was the Dragon God’s Dragon Ball!!

After Shi Yu learned the origin of the Dragon Ball from the Sea Dragon King, he didn’t hide it and openly told the gem cat. This telling was no different from adding fuel to the fire, almost causing the gem cat to have a heart attack and suddenly die.

If it had known that the dragon ball with the lost energy was the dragon ball of the Sea Serpent Dragon from countless years ago in Dragon Palace City, it would have signed a “hundred-year-old food contract” with Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng before giving it to Shi Yu no matter what, and not be tricked by the lousy fruit Shi Yu created with a few ginseng treasures at the commander level.

“Teacher Ying, are you uncomfortable?” Lin Xiuzhu saw the gem cat’s expression suddenly change, and her body twitched as she immediately said.

“I… I’m just crying from joy. I’m happy to see Buggy so powerful.”

“I’m happy too.” Lin Xiuzhu’s beautiful eyes flowed with anticipation. The Iron-eating Beast and Green Silkworm package should increase in price again!

At this moment.

The commentators, Gu Yu and Han Lu, suddenly exclaimed!!!

“Look.”

“The captain of Imperial Capital University, Gao Xuan, is also heading in the direction of Shi Yu and the others.”

“The distance between Gao Xuan and Shi Yu is much greater than the distance between contestant Li Qiu and contestant Chu Yi’ang against contestant Shi Yu.”