Chapter 1602 - 1602 Wolf In Front, Tiger Behind (3)

1602 Wolf in Front, Tiger Behind (3)

Seeing this scene, the Blood Salamander Sina was directly shocked and shocked.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the next moment, it wasn’t allowed to have too many thoughts.

The strong cleansing rain actually made it, who had reached the top-notch divine level, feel some impact.

“Ah!!!” This cleansing rain seemed to have its own consciousness. It was a targeted cleansing. The effect of the cleansing rain that the Blood Salamander Xina encountered was especially strong. It was impossible to resist at all. After a few drops fell, it was as if an entire sea of stars was pressing on its body, making it prostrate and roll on the ground. It was in extreme pain, and white smoke came out of its body.

“This…” At this moment, Beast Tamer Yue Ling, who was undercover in the Abyss Army, was very shocked. She didn’t know what was going on at all.

Apart from her, Heavenly Water Star had help?

Suddenly, she thought of something.

She had heard that the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association had recently made a big move against the Contaminated Land. Could it be that this remote star that had been invaded had been discovered by the purifier of the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association?

Although she didn’t understand why the purifier of the Environmental Protection Association would come to such a remote place and not go to the main battlefield, Yue Ling was overjoyed. This way, at least this star could be saved.

“Cleansing rain…” The sealed and polluted will of the Heavenly Water Star also discovered that the entire planet was being cleansed. It couldn’t help but be very shocked. What kind of power was needed to instantly release the skill to cleanse the entire planet?

Moreover, even the powerful Blood Salamander was suppressed by the cleansing rain to roll on the ground.

“Is it the Environmental Protection Association?” Although it was a rural planet, this year, the will of the Heavenly Water Star had also understood a lot of the division of cosmic factions. It knew that the Abyss Army also had their enemies.

From the looks of it, its insistence was indeed right.

If not for this persistence, it would have been impossible to wait for “reinforcements” to arrive.

Boom!!!

Not long after the rain of purification fell, the sky trembled, and a huge white battleship appeared in the sky.

“Damn it!!!” As the Blood Salamander and countless abyss life forms roared, the Heavenly Water Star’s will and Yue Ling looked at the battleship in anticipation and excitement.

Pure white, flawless color.

But soon, their happy expressions stopped.

On the huge white battleship, black pirate flags were densely inserted. On every pirate flag, there were very terrifying and evil skulls and… slogans.

[Era Pirate Group]

[When you encounter us, please don’t resist. We will only plunder a little of the power of the world within the acceptable range of the planet.]

Heavenly Water Star’s will: ???

She opened her mouth slightly and felt a little dizzy.

Her originally happy mood was gone.

Sea pirates??

Not reinforcements from the Environmental Protection Association, but pirates??

In the impression of the Heavenly Water Star’s will, the Dark King Army and the cosmic pirates… were all bad people!

Although the other party’s slogan said that it would only plunder a little of the power of the world within the acceptable range of the planet…

However, how could the will of the Heavenly Water Star believe what a bandit organization said?

One was corroded into an Abyss Star by pollution, and the other was drained of the power of the planet and became a dead star. No matter which it was, the will of the Heavenly Water Star couldn’t embrace it a little.

They experienced that there was no love in this world, with wolves in front and tigers behind.

The universe was too dangerous, so she shouldn’t have evolved into consciousness.

“Ah!!!” The will of the Heavenly Water Star also collapsed. It looked at the pirate flag with its watery eyes and experienced that there was no love.

“Holy sh*t.” Yue Ling, who was beside him, was also shocked. She didn’t expect that the one who descended on Heavenly Water globe wasn’t the fleet of an Environmental Protection Association, but… a Space Pirate Organization.

“What a joke!!!” At this moment, the most unacceptable thing was the Blood Salamander of the Abyss Army.

“A mere pirate…”

In the Contaminated Land, there were also many Space Pirates. Most of these Space Pirates had no choice but to become pirates.

The Dark King Army had always been dedicated to polluting the life planet into their territory and expanding the power of the Dark King Army. Some planetary life forms who were unwilling to be polluted but couldn’t resist would escape their planet and be cosmic pirates in the starry sky, free.

Therefore, in the eyes of most of the Dark King Army, these pirates were just rags and didn’t amount to much at all. But now, a baffling pirate crew suddenly appeared and instantly constrained them. No matter how they thought about it, this was very humiliating and difficult to understand.

“A mere Dark King Army, a group of dregs, disappear.”

Susu flew out of the battleship and floated on it, looking at the black ocean below.

Its appearance stunned these people again because Susu’s image was that of a Slime King.

No one expected a slime to walk out of this pirate battleship. However, one way or another, the Star Refining Crown that Susu was wearing was black and blue. It indeed looked like a pirate hat.

Of course, most importantly, Susu’s arrogant words stunned the group of abyss life forms.

This pirate team clearly knew their origin, but they were still so bold. Did they want to die?

“Cleanse…” After coming out, Susu didn’t even look at those abyssal lives and purified them alone. If it didn’t cleanse soon, this planet couldn’t be taken anymore.

Through the Star Sea Contract and origin fluctuations that Shi Yu had added to perfection not long ago, with a thought from Susu, the origin fluctuations enveloped the entire Abyss Army.

Boom!!

The origin fluctuations dissipated. The pollution strength on the top-notch Abyss God below instantly became the source of its death, washing away traces of it for no reason.