Chapter 1605 - 1605 The Fierce Shi Yu Pirates (2)

1605 The Fierce Shi Yu Pirates (2)

The amount of milk it plundered with World Grace didn’t look like much, but it was better than nothing.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This…” In the face of the gem cat’s request, Beast Tamer Yue Ling appeared very silent.

It was as if she was reluctant to part with this pendant.

“What’s there to be conflicted about about a pendant that can’t be used?” The cat was anxious.

“How about I exchange delicious and useful Cultivation Fruits with you?”

Baby Ginseng: “… Damn it.”

The cat might as well ask Baby Ginseng to pay!

“Sir, I’m a Beast Tamer from Divine Planet in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. 20 years ago, my planet suffered an invasion by the Dark King Army. My family was reduced to just me. This thing here is the only relic left by my mother,” said Yue Ling.

“Ah…” The gem cat was stunned. Don’t do this to me…

“I can give this to the Lord, but if possible, can I ask you to bring me to the Cosmic Sea?” Yue Ling said.

“That’s all??” The gem cat was stunned.

“Yes.” Yue Ling nodded.

“You want to go to the Cosmic Sea? Why are you going there?” the gem cat asked.

“I… I want to join the Environmental Protection Association,” Yue Ling said.

“After the planet was invaded, I successfully escaped. Then, I kept thinking of ways to save my planet.”

“Later, I learned that the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association had been fighting the Dark King Army, so I wanted to join this organization…”

“However, because I don’t have the ability to travel long distances in the galaxy, it’s almost impossible for me to head to the Cosmic Sea alone. Therefore, 10 years ago, I chose to join the Dark King Army again and waited for the opportunity.”

“Of course, I only pretended to have joined the Dark King Army and didn’t join in with them. During the period of the Abyss Army, when they invaded other planets, I tried to think of a way to help the invaded planets. Unfortunately… it didn’t affect the outcome much.”

Yue Ling sighed deeply. The strength of the Dark King Army was far from what the invaded small planet could compare to.

“If the Environmental Protection Association and the Dark King Army are opponents, I’ll be able to meet them sooner or later after joining the Dark King Army. At that time, I might be able to provide them with some important information.”

“Originally, this time, I thought I had encountered someone from the Environmental Protection Association, but I didn’t expect…” Yue Ling smiled bitterly. In the end, it was a pirate. It was ridiculous.

“Well, in a sense, you’re also very lucky,” the gem cat said. The Environmental Protection Association. What a coincidence. Although they were pirates, who said pirates couldn’t be members of the Environmental Protection Association?

Unfortunately, they still had something to do next, so they might not have time to run around with this guy.

“Well, Ling, can you teach her to drive a spaceship and let her head to World King Planet herself? The Dark King Army should have left a spaceship behind, right?” the gem cat asked the battleship Ling.

“No problem, no problem. I can even leave a mechanical assistant behind. However, with her strength and the battleship left behind by the Abyss Army, as a newbie, it’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens for her to go to the Cosmic Sea alone.”

At this moment, under the surprised expressions of the Heavenly Water Star’s will and Yue Ling, the battleship spirit appeared. The battleship girl, Ling, walked towards the gem cat and said, “Teacher Ying, is this real?”

“It’s real.” The gem cat was extremely excited.

This way, there were only three inheritance items.

Yue Ling didn’t know how to use this. She felt that it was no different from an ordinary object because she didn’t have the aptitude to accept the power of the Star Prayer Race.

Well… If it were her, after fusing with this Wish Star inheritance, her strength should be able to reach top-notch divine.

Not bad, not bad. This was her strength that quickly increased with resources without any bitter cultivation.

As expected, if she wanted to level up, resources were faster.

“You just said that your hometown is the Divine Planet of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain?” Ling asked.

“Yes.” Yue Ling nodded and said, “The location of the Divine Planet is already very close to the Cosmic Sea. It’s at the edge of the Contaminated Land.”

“Scarlet Blue Star Domain…” Ling conjured a star map and said

to Yue Ling, “Look, is the Scarlet Blue Star Domain this place?”

“Yes, that’s the place.” Seeing the star map conjured by Ling,

Yue Ling’s eyes turned slightly red. “Now, the nine life stars in

the Scarlet Blue Planet Domain have already been occupied

and polluted into Abyss Stars.”

“Wu.” Ling looked at the star map and said, “Are you sure that

the Scarlet Blue Star Domain has already become an abyss

territory?”

“That’s right.”

“Who’s the strongest Abyss Race over there?”

“The super divine level abyss lifeform, Benos,” Yue Ling said,

“The army I joined is under Benos.”

“The other party is very strong. It’s an abyss monster that has

transcended twice. It’s said that at the moment, Benos is

preparing to join forces with the other nine Dark King Army

super divines to launch a new round of attacks on the Cosmic

Sea and expand the Contaminated Land,” Yue Ling said.

Ling fell into deep thought.

“What’s wrong?” The gem cat girl saw Ling in deep thought

and asked, “10 super divines, quite a lot.”

“The place we’re going to is in this Scarlet Blue Star Domain,”

Ling said.

“Uh.” The gem cat suddenly thought of something.

Oh.

Yue Ling came from the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. The Wish

Star inheritance was brought out of the planet in the Scarlet

Blue Star Domain, so the location originally predicted should

be the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

Now, although it had found the Wish Star inheritance in

advance and didn’t have to search, the Goddess Wa’s Ruins

was also over there.

If Shi Yu wanted to go to the Goddess Wa’s Ruins to take a

look, he still had to go to the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

And this place was the temporary military garrison of the

abyss super divine. It was probably not easy to enter.

“Why don’t we send her to the World King Planet before

making plans?” the gem cat suggested.

At that time, it might be safer to kill his way back with the

Environmental Protection Association before going to the

Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

Now that he had found the Wish Star inheritance in this area,

there shouldn’t be a need to rush into the Goddess Wa’s

Ruins, right…

“No, let’s go to the Scarlet Blue Star Domain directly.” At this

moment, another figure appeared on the battleship. He was

wearing a red and white battle suit and a smile.

Above his head, the Star Sea Sprite, Susu, was lying quietly.

“Ah.” The gem cat’s expression turned bitter. Shi Yu, Shi Yu…

“I happen to have something to talk to the super divine of the

Abyss Race.” Shi Yu leaned on the railing and said,

“Transcendent 2 is still acceptable.”

1. Goddess Wa’s Ruins, 2. Super Divine Will, 3. Battle merits

can be exchanged for top-notch stars to refine stars for pets.

4. Source of transcendence…

“Let’s go liberate the Scarlet Blue Star Domain and destroy

that abyss super divine. We’ll directly return to the Cosmic

Sea from the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.”

“It’s also convenient. Consider it a gift to thank these little

girl.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Teacher Ying, you’re not afraid, right?”

“What’s there to be afraid of?” Ying muttered. In any case, she

wasn’t the one fighting. She was the support!

“Alright, I guessed so.” Ling gazed at Yue Ling & said, “Thank

you for that goodwill item. As a reward, we’ll try to help you

liberate your home. Oh right, the person who spoke just now

is the captain of our pirate crew.”

“On this battleship, you have to listen to his orders for

everything big & small.”

At these moment, Yue Ling was stunned.

Annihilate that abyss super divine & unseal the Scarlet Blue

Star Domain?

She gazed at Shi Yu in shock.

What kind of extremely ferocious pirate crew could casually

destroy an abyss super divine? What kind of monster

organization had she encountered?