Chapter 1608 - Chapter 1608: Ruins Of Earth And Goddess Wa (3)

Chapter 1608: Ruins of Earth and Goddess Wa (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

There weren’t many life planets in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, and most of them were dead stars. The hot, starry sky where the battleship Ling had stopped was clearly also a desolate galaxy.

The resources here were scarce, and the environment was so harsh that even the Abyss Army didn’t leave any traces here.

This situation was what Shi Yu was most happy to see. If the ruins of Earth were located in the enemy’s headquarters, it would be troublesome.

“Ling, Star Ascension.”

Under Shi Yu’s call, Ling began to descend on this harsh yellow-brown planet.

This planet was indeed desolate. After stepping in, it was an endless desert. There was nothing.

“There are life fluctuations.

After descending, Shi Yu originally thought that there would be no life on this dead star, but soon, he realized that he was wrong.

Just as they arrived, Ling detected a life wave that existed on this planet.

Who was it? Could it be Goddess Wa?

It was unlikely.

Abyss Race?

That was impossible.

Here, earth and tire-element lite forms could survive, but there was no need for other lives to come.

As for the Abyss Race that invaded the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, they were all water-element and dark-element. Even if there were resources here, the chances of them coming here to dig weren’t high.

Buzz!

Soon, the battleship appeared above the life fluctuations.

At this moment, a sand vortex began to rumble on the desert-like ground.

Yellow sand flew, and a monster more than ten meters tall that looked like a desert castle rose.

Its entire body was made of wild sand, looking like sand piled together. Sand dunes, its eyes, and its mouth were empty holes. This appearance reminded Shi Yu of the purple-skinned holey people of the Star Refinement Race.

At the moment, it was most suitable to describe this elemental life form as the Sand Dune Beast.

At this moment, this Sand Dune Beast rose. It looked at the battleship in the sky and let out a heavy voice.

“After so long, someone has finally come to this place.”

“Is it a coincidence or something?”

It stared at the battleship. At this moment, Shi Yu also walked out of the battleship and landed alone. He stood in the desert and faced the Sand Dune Beast.

“Hello,” Shi Yu said. “Excuse me, are you a native of this planet?”

“I’m the owner of this planet, an outsider. This planet doesn’t have any scarce resources. If there’s nothing else, leave this place,” the Sand Dune Beast said.

“I’ll leave after asking a few questions.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Don’t be such an outsider, friend. I wonder how long you’ve been on this planet.”

The Sand Dune Beast fell into deep thought and said, “It should be tens of thousands of years.”

Shi Yu said, “Then did you discover anything special on this planet, such as…”

Shi Yu used time to search for the fluctuations of the era ruins but couldn’t find it at all.

“For example, the era ruin?” Shi Yu asked the Sand Dune Beast. He kept feeling that the other party’s identity wasn’t simple.

Even if this planet was suitable for an elemental life form like it, there were countless better choices for divine-level creatures.

There was definitely something wrong with a divine-level being willing to stay on such a godforsaken planet for tens of thousands of years.

As expected, as Shi Yu mentioned the era ruin, the aura of the sand fortress monster gradually strengthened. Its emotions also underwent a violent change.

“Where are you from?” it asked.

“Blue Planet,” Shi Yu said.

Upon hearing that, the emotions of the Sand Dune Beast suddenly became active from the silence. It said in shock, “You’re from the Blue Planet?”

“You indeed know something,” Shi Yu said.

“Do you know Goddess Wa?”

The Sand Dune Beast quickly nodded and said, “Our race is the guardian left on this planet by Goddess Wa. I don’t know how many generations of guardians we’ve been. Our goal on this planet is to wait for the arrival of the people from the Blue Planet.’

“I didn’t expect that it would finally come in my generation.” It cried tears of joy. Although it couldn’t cry, quicksand fell from its eyes.

“You’re guardians left behind by Senior Wa?” Shi Yu was even more excited and excited. “Then, do you know where Senior Wa is?”

“Senior Wa left a message saying that you can see her when we reach the ruins.

She’s still alive, right?”

The Sand Fortress Guardian said, “Of course, Goddess Wa is still alive. However, have you gathered enough to meet the conditions to enter the ruins?”

Shi Yu’s expression froze. He said awkwardly, “That condition is too difficult. I haven’t reached it yet. I just came over to take a look according to the location of the star map…

The Sand Fortress Guardian said, “Damn it, doesn’t that mean I have to continue staying here?” Shi Yu:

So this was the key point?

The Sand Fortress Guardian said, “Goddess Wa’s main body is sealed and sleeping in the depths of this star. For some special reason, I can’t awaken Goddess Wa before you have enough conditions to open the ruins.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

What was wrong with Goddess Wa?

Sleep…

Could it be that his life had come to an end and he could only use sleep and seal to wait for a change?

Or could it be that something unexpected happened and he could only sleep?

What exactly had Goddess Wa experienced after leaving Blue Planet?

However, compared to the outcome of the Ancestral Dragon, Yuan Feng, and the other ancestors of the five divine races already dying, Goddess Wa was at least still alive. It was already very good.

“Senior Guardian, can you tell me what’s wrong with Goddess Wa?”

The guardian shook its head and said, “I don’t know either.”

Shi Yu pondered for a moment. “Then, Lord Guardian, can you tell me where the ruins are? Although I didn’t gather five super divine humans, I found another key that might open the ruins..”