Chapter 1606 - 1606 Ruins Of Earth And Goddess Wa (1)

1606 Ruins of Earth and Goddess Wa (1)

Heavenly Water Star.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It had just experienced the invasion of the Abyss Army, but it was ridiculously clean.

The will of the Heavenly Water Star listened to Shi Yu’s demonic words in confusion.

Annihilate the abyss super divine?

At this moment, Baby Ginseng also made a sound.

“It’s over!”

It put away the Heavenly Emperor Cauldron and plundered the power of the world for nearly half an hour.

“That’s it?”

The will of the Heavenly Water Star was stunned and looked at Baby Ginseng.

This was nothing…

“Yi!”

Baby Ginseng pointed at the battleship sign.

[When you encounter us, please don’t resist. We will only plunder a little of the power of the world within the acceptable range of the planet.]

The will of the Heavenly Water Star was stunned. This was actually true???

“Yi. (I don’t want to only plunder so little either. The key is that you’re too weak. If you take too much, you’ll be gone.)”

Baby Ginseng shook its head, making the will of the Heavenly Water Star a little uncomfortable.

Listen to me… Thank you…

“Since we’re done replenishing, let’s go.”

Shi Yu stretched and said, “This place shouldn’t be far from the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, right?”

“Yes…”

The Beast Tamer of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, Yue Ling, swallowed her saliva slightly. So, the other party was serious?

Was he really planning to go to the Scarlet Blue Star Domain to find the abyss super divine, Benos?

“Ling, replicate a star map for the will of this planet.”

After Shi Yu and Ling finished speaking, they looked at the will of the Heavenly Water Star and said,

“If you’re worried that the Abyss Army will make a comeback, you can leave this star domain according to this star map and head to the Cosmic Sea.”

“Of course, the journey is long and dangerous. You decide for yourself if you want to go.”

“Actually, I think that when the Dark King Army and the Environmental Protection Association start a battle next, they should be too busy to take care of themselves. It’s also a good choice for you to try to hide yourself during this period of time.”

“For you.” Ling gave the Heavenly Water Star’s will a replicated star map according to Shi Yu’s request.

The little elf took the star map and was stunned.

It was difficult to believe that this was the style of pirates.

Why were these cosmic pirates different from the pirates who had invaded Heavenly Water Star previously?

“Good,” it said.

Shi Yu was amused. Then, he looked at Yue Ling and said, “How is it? What about you? Do you have any thoughts on where to go?”

Yue Ling said, “If you really want to liberate the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, I can be your guide!”

“I’m very familiar with that star domain…”

Yue Ling was a little tempted. She had also seen Susu’s strength just now.

Instant kill a top-notch divine!

It definitely had the strength of a perfect god.

Moreover, it was a perfect god that specialized in countering the Abyss Race, similar to her ocean sprite.

However, it should be stronger than her ocean sprite.

After all, after she left her mother planet, the power of the ocean sprite was directly halved, but looking at the Starry Sky Slime just now, its power was endless and terrifying.

With such a perfect god that countered the Abyss Race, in addition… to a group of pirates whose strength couldn’t be seen through…

The other party was so confident. Perhaps this pirate crew really had the ability to liberate the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

Of course, there was another problem. If there was a big battle with the abyss super divine, how would the Scarlet Blue Star Domain deal with the Dark Alliance from all directions?

The Scarlet Blue Star Domain was an important military place for the Dark King Army to fight the Cosmic Sea. If an accident happened here, the super divines of the other nine Contaminated Lands would definitely notice.

Forget it!

Yue Ling shook her head and looked at Shi Yu, choosing to listen to them.

“Sure, then you’ll be the guide. Ling, take good care of her.”

“Next, we’ll try our best to enter the Scarlet Blue Star Domain without alarming the Abyss Army and the abyss super divine,”

Shi Yu said.

Yue Ling had scruples, but so did he.

If he wanted to fight the abyss super divine, he would definitely fight before leaving.

After fighting, he would leave immediately.

If he slowly explored the ruins after the battle, there was indeed a risk of being surrounded by more super divines.

As for the mess of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, it was naturally gifted to the Environmental Protection Association. He and Susu didn’t have time to stay in the Contaminated Land at all times.

…

Then, under the eager gaze of the Heavenly Water Star’s will, the “extremely ferocious” Era Pirate Group departed again.

“I should go too.”

After this battle, the will of the Heavenly Water Star followed Shi Yu’s suggestion and tried to wander to the Cosmic Sea.

“This is your room.”

As for the Beast Tamer of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, Yue Ling, she was invited to the battleship by Ling and prepared a room for her alone.

“Next, tell me about the situation in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.” Ling left a clone and looked at Yue Ling.

Yue Ling nodded quickly.

Ling planned to use her understanding of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain to plan the advancement route again.

On the other side, the gem cat with the richest harvest also left impatiently.

“Shi Yu, I’ll depart the rest to you!!”

“I’m lying down!”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. This cat was really lucky.

As expected, maximizing Ling’s Wind of Blessing before setting off was still beneficial.

He felt that there should be more good things waiting for him in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain ahead.

Shi Yu snickered and summoned his pets.

“The battle is imminent. Everyone, wake up.”

Although he could rely on luck, he had to have some basic strength. Shi Yu didn’t dare to be sloppy.

“Before we proceed to the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, let’s raise Susu’s origin fluctuations and Star Sea Contract as high as possible.”

“Wu wu wu.” Shi Yu’s pets awakened one after another.

Even Eleven rubbed its eyes and arranged to assist in adding points.

The current Eleven was no longer the previous Eleven.