Chapter 1601 - Chapter 1601: Wolf In Front, Tiger Behind (2)

Chapter 1601: Wolf in front, Tiger behind (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios       Editor: Atlas Studios

Until now, the Heavenly Water Star had already evolved into an intermediate planetary life form.

However, the good times didn’t last long. Two years ago, an abyss army descended and tried to occupy the Heavenly Water Star. The two parties started a huge battle, and the Heavenly Water Star was no match for them. In just a year, it was completely defeated. The seven sea beasts all became Abyss Beasts, and the Sea God, the embodiment of the Heavenly Water Star’s will, was also polluted and bound…

That day, the will of Mercury was completely turned into an abyss. The Heavenly Water Star would be modified into an abyss star and become the territory of the Abyss Race.

As for the Abyss Army that attacked the Heavenly Water Star, it was under the super divine of the abyss, Benos. The highest command of the army was one of the nine top-notch Abyss Gods under the command of the Abyss God, the

Blood Salamander, Xina.

At this moment, inside the Heavenly Water Star.

The Blood Salamander Xina, who was like a Tyrant Dragon and had bright red wings that were like a blood moon, walked step by step towards the “Heavenly

Water Star’s Will” sealed on the Abyss Altar in front of it under the escort of

thousands of abyss life forms.

It was a little elf less than a meter tall with light blue eyes that looked like a water-blue balloon. As the embodiment of an ocean-type planet, its body should have been pure, but at this moment, it was already infected with countless abyss traces, and its will was constantly corroded.

“Planet’s will, stop resisting in vain. There’s no harm for you to enter the embrace of the abyss. At that time, you will obtain the opportunity to evolve to a higher domain!”

The Blood Salamander Xina stared at the will of the Heavenly Water Star. The other party’s resistance to the pollution would only make them waste too much time on the Heavenly Water Star. Lord Benos was preparing to attack the Cosmic Sea and had already gathered its subordinates from all over. As one of the other party’s generals, Xina could no longer waste too much time here.

“In your dreams!” The will of the Heavenly Water Star couldn’t accept it because it understood that when it entered the abyss, it was no longer itself. During the war, it could clearly hear the cries of the sea beasts that it had created when it turned into an abyss.

Even after obtaining powerful strength and evolving into a stronger race, although it looked fierce and powerful on the surface, its heart still kept wailing.

If they also sank into the abyss, there was completely no possibility of them being cleansed. On the Heavenly Water Star, those lives who still resisted the invasion of the abyss had no hope.

“Is that so? Do you really think you can resist us?”

The Blood Salamander Xina said, “The reason why the war has lasted for so long is not because of how strong the Heavenly Water Star is, but because a traitor appeared in the Abyss Army and provided you with a way to cleanse the power of the abyss.”

It swept its gaze fiercely at this batch of elites of the Abyss Army and said, “If I know who that traitor is…

“I’ll definitely let it have a new life!!!”

“After dealing with the will of this planet this time, you’re next.”

The will of the Heavenly Water Star was silent.

During this year, there was indeed someone secretly helping the Heavenly Water Star, but it didn’t know who the other party was.

It looked at the many abyss soldiers.

Where the Abyss Beast Tamers of the Abyss Army were, among the group of divine-level Beast Tamers, a black-robed woman standing beside an Abyss Sea Serpent had a calm expression. She took a deep breath. She was the traitor mentioned by the Blood Salamander.

Her name was Yue Ling. Although she was a member of the Abyss Army, she had indeed been secretly helping the Heavenly Water Star.

Hopefully, she wouldn’t be discovered…

The so-called obtaining of a new life was to give all its rationality to the abyss. At that time, it would become a heartless battle machine. Demon beasts without hearts were no longer as simple as their will being affected by the abyss.

However, the most regrettable thing was that after helping the Heavenly Water Star for so long, this star… finally fell.

Today, the Abyss Army wanted to activate the super divine pollution source and pollute the planet’s will in the end. They no longer wanted to delay here for too long.

“Planet’s will.” The Blood Salamander Xina took out a super divine pollution source bestowed by the Abyss super divine, and looked at the will of the Heavenly Water Star. “This is your last chance. Take the initiative to accept the abyss. It’s best not to let me use this.”

It still hoped that the Heavenly Water Star would become an abyss star with some rationality. If it was polluted by the super divine pollution source, it couldn’t guarantee what the Heavenly Water Star would become in the end.

“Looks like you haven’t given up. Do you still think someone can help you now!! Hahaha, you can see if it dares to appear.” The Blood Salamander laughed.

However, in the next moment, the sky changed.

The will of the Heavenly Water Star, the Blood Salamander Xina, the undercover Beast Tamer Yue Ling, and the abyss life forms suddenly looked at the sky.

Without knowing what had happened, the rain clouds that covered the entire planet suddenly condensed. The heavy rain that enveloped the world began to descend, and countless cleansing water droplets descended from the sky!

The Blood Salamander Sina looked at this scene in a daze.

The will of the Heavenly Water Star was also a little confused, then it looked at the Blood Salamander, Xina.

“What… strange request is this?”

Although he didn’t know who it was, it seemed like someone had come to help Heavenly Water Star.

What a strong cleansing power!

Was it the person who had been secretly helping Heavenly Water Star?

These raindrops landed on the Abyss Sea, and the power of the abyss was instantly cleansed.

When it landed on the abyss sea beasts, their minds that were affected by the abyss immediately recovered.

“Ah!!!” As for the abyss life form that had already entered its heart with the power of the abyss, when it encountered this water drop, it was like touching boiling water as it was forcefully sterilized.

In an instant, the huge cleansing rain made the Abyss Army into a mess..