Chapter 1609 - Chapter 1609: Ruins Of Earth And Goddess Wa (4)

Chapter 1609: Ruins of Earth and Goddess Wa (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“I want to give it a try. If I give it a try, it shouldn’t affect me, right?”

“Uh.” The Sand Fortress Guardian looked at Shi Yu and said, “You found other ways to open the ruins?”

“Is this for real?”

“Yes, I want to give it a try, if possible,” Shi Yu said.

“This shouldn’t be a problem,” the Sand Fortress Guardian said. “In that case, follow me.

After saying that, it crawled underground. At the same time, a huge abyss hole that connected to the ground appeared.

Shi Yu was slightly stunned before quickly following.

After flying for an unknown period of time, Shi Yu arrived at the underground world and saw a stone wall door.

On the stone door, there was a pattern. There were five sunken places. Four of them were in four directions, and the other was in the center.

After Shi Yu saw it, he guessed that this might be one of the reasons why Goddess Wa wanted to find five super divine humans?

At this moment, the Sand Fortress Guardian was already waiting for Shi Yu in front of the stone door. It said, “This is the door that connects to the ruins of the era. Try using your method.”

“Alright.” At this moment, after entering the underground world, Shi Yu activated the Passage of Time skill again.

He closed his eyes slightly and tried to communicate with this era ruin with the soul on Earth.

Then, he even went forward to touch it.

However, there was no effect.

He didn’t give up and summoned Beast Shi Yu again.

As Beast Shi Yu, who had a super divine aura, appeared, the Sand Fortress Guardian beside him was stunned.

[Strange person.]

In the next moment, under its gaze, Beast Shi Yu walked forward and touched the door of the ruins with one hand, trying to communicate and resonate.

Unfortunately, nearly half an hour passed quickly, but there was still no reaction.

Shi Yu was silent on the spot.

“what’s going on…

His Earth soul and Beast Shi Yu’s Earth body couldn’t make the ruins react??

He came for nothing?

As expected, he still had to take the path of five super divines.

“Damn, I looked forward to it for nothing. Come on.” The Sand Fortress Guardian, who had been watching for a long time, changed from anticipation to disappointment. “Goddess Wa won’t miss anything. The opening method she left behind should be the only way.”

“You guys should continue to work hard.”

“Well…” It looked at the indignant Shi Yu and said, “By the way, if it’s really difficult to achieve that condition, actually, before Goddess Wa fell asleep, she left something for our race. Apart from leaving enough power to protect this planet, there’s also a tool that can be handed to the person from Blue Planet at a critical moment.”

“What?” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

The Sand Fortress Guardian said, “A tool that contains Goddess Wa’s clone. Goddess Wa said that if the humans on the Blue Planet aren’t enough to have five super divine bodies in the future, they can summon Goddess Wa’s clone and provide Blue Planet with some help.”

“Then this… can you give it to me?” Shi Yu asked.

Although he was certain that the Blue Planet could gather five super divines in a hundred years, it would be a waste not to have more help.

“Alright.” At this moment, the Sand Fortress Guardian also gave up. It spat out a bottle from its body. The bottle was also filled with resources similar to Creation Soil.

The Sand Fortress Guardian opened the bottle. In the next moment, the soil emitted a weak light.

Crack.

The bottle shattered, and the clay kept changing. Just like how the Blue Planet’s Will relied on the Creation Soil to create humans previously, at this moment, this soil quickly revealed a human form.

To be precise, it was in the form of a snake with a human head.

The life form with the body of a snake and the head of a human floated in midair with its eyes closed. Its face was covered in clothes, and its expression was emotionless.

Its movements in midair were as agile as a goddess. Not only was its body graceful, but the clothes it conjured also appeared light and elegant.

Soon, Shi Yu sensed a shocking divine power from her. She definitely had divine power that exceeded that of Baby Ginseng, Ling, and Qi. It completely exceeded the standard of a perfect god, as if it was a mighty power that only the legendary epoch god could have.

And this was only a clone.

Goddess Wa… was indeed very strong.

At this moment, Goddess Wa’s clone opened its spirit eyes and looked down at its surroundings from midair. Its gaze landed on the Sand Fortress Guardian and Shi Yu..