Chapter 1607 - 1607 Ruins Of Earth And Goddess Wa (2)

1607 Ruins of Earth and Goddess Wa (2)

The healing and cleansing abilities derived from the control of light that had reached the divine skill stage could also be used as support.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Apart from that, a few of the gossiping Bean Bears had also mastered support abilities.

When it came to suffering, Shi Yu had never let himself suffer. He had tried his best to pull in all the support that could be of help.

…

Half a month later.

In the cultivation room, the gem cat opened its gem-like eyes.

“Meow, meow, meow, meow!!!” It leaped down from the bed excitedly, returned to its cat form, and landed on the blanket to roll around crazily.

It was so excited!

It leaped up excitedly and pounced on the soft bed, transforming into a human form.

After spending half a month, she finally fused the third inheritance, the Wish Star.

Her Wish Star skill directly increased to the level of expert perfection under the enhancement of the inheritance power of the Star Prayer Race. It was only a step away from perfect proficiency.

Using Shi Yu’s additional terminology, it was (expert+11).

It was extremely cool.

The gem cat felt that it was extremely strong now.

Under the lead of the skill level, in addition to the various Cultivation Fruits and super divine level resources in the past half a year, its growth level directly increased to the top-notch divine level in one go.

As long as there were resources, money, and divine power levels, it was actually the easiest to improve. It just needed to spend resources. Of course, if it wanted to obtain battle power compatible with its realm, it still had to increase its skill proficiency.

After being happy, the gem cat hugged its pillow and fell into deep thought.

It was clearly at a higher level now, but its strongest attack unique skill, the nine-element combination skill, Meteorite Disillusionment, was still stuck at the quasi-divine skill stage… This was awkward.

Not only this, its spiritual control and nine-colored divine light were also at the quasi-divine skill stage!

“Forget it, as long as the key skill level is high.”

“Take your time! I’m still young!”

The gem cat comforted itself.

Now, its strongest skill was the Wish Star.

At least the level of this super race skill didn’t fall behind.

Wish Star, which was close to perfect divine skill, might be able to be used as a battle skill and escape skill.

“Teacher Cat!”

At the same time, sensing the earthquake-like commotion on Teacher Cat’s side, Ling’s voice appeared on the radio in the room.

“Teacher Cat, congratulations on your advancement. After the fusion, please come to the conference room.”

“Huh?” The gem cat in the Star Prayer dress was slightly stunned. It tidied its appearance and teleported into the conference room.

Shi Yu, Ling, the owl, Susu, and the others were all there.

“Wow, this is a top-notch divine. This is too fast.” After the owl saw the cat, it couldn’t help but say.

This was only three-sevenths of the Wish Star inheritance…

As expected of the inheritance crystal of the Star Prayer Race.

If it could collect all the inheritance crystals, the gem cat’s achievements would definitely exceed any previous Star Prayer Race.

After all, this was the crystallization of the wish of the Star Prayer Race to gather the power of the entire race.

“It’s alright, it’s alright.” The gem cat girl had a proud expression on her face.

“Did something happen?” she asked.

Shi Yu said, “Yes, we’ve already arrived at the periphery of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. At the moment, this star domain is sealed layer by layer. We plan to sneak in.”

“I’ve already obtained a more detailed star map from the Beast Tamers of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, but this isn’t the most important thing. Most importantly, the star map left behind by Goddess Wa only indicates the approximate range of the ruins in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, but not where.”

“It’s quite troublesome to find it.”

“Therefore, next, we have to rely on Teacher Owl’s premonition power, together with your wish power. We’ll try to predict it.”

“That’s not a problem,” the gem cat agreed.

“Then I’ll start?” the Prediction Owl said.

“Let’s begin, let’s begin.” At this moment, the Prediction Owl took the thing left behind by Goddess Wa and used it as a medium to predict.

“Wu…” She closed her eyes and began to have the enhancement of the gem cat and Ling.

Soon, a yellow-brown planet appeared in the owl’s dark vision.

Of course, if there was only this hint, what Shi Yu and the others had found in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain was still no different from finding a needle in a haystack.

“Three stars…”

But soon, the scene predicted by the owl changed. Three stars surrounded the yellow-brown planet!

“This is the place!”

“Found a yellow-brown planet surrounded by three stars. That’s where the ruins are!”

She opened her Time Eye and confirmed. This special environment shouldn’t be difficult to find, right?

“Let’s go.” Shi Yu got up.

…

Two days later, in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

The battleship used invisibility, meld, spatial jump, shrinking, and other methods to pass through the heavy blockade of the Abyss Army and enter the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

Although the defense line was huge, the technological content was too low, far inferior to Ling’s strength.

The Abyss Race that sealed the Red Blue Star Domain wasn’t strong enough, nor was it inferior to the perfect divine Ling.

This was also normal. Under the super divine of the abyss, there wouldn’t be many perfect gods. The star domain was so huge, it was impossible for all places to be perfectly defended and investigated.

In terms of technological methods, it wasn’t this Dark King Army’s forte. World King Planet claimed that its technology were second, and only the cosmic overlord army dared to claim to be first.

And now, Ling’s technological crystals clearly belonged to the World King Planet.

After entering, according to the Prediction Owl’s hint, Shi Yu and the others began to search for the yellow planet surrounded by three stars.

“Found it.” With the exact hint, it were much more convenient to search. As long just as the starry sky environment didn’t match, they themselves were able to directly ignore it. There was no need to investigate the planets one by one.