Chapter 1604 - 1604 The Fierce Shi Yu Pirates (1)

1604 The Fierce Shi Yu Pirates (1)

“I…” Yue Ling looked at the Heavenly Water Star’s will speechlessly.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Good person, you’ve been secretly helping the Heavenly Water Star, right?”

“I just saw that the cleansing rain just now was basically useless to you,” the Heavenly Water Star’s will said.

Yue Ling said, “Yes…”

“There’s no need to thank me. I only want to know how I can leave this planet after the Abyss Army is destroyed…” She felt stifled.

Susu returned, and only Baby Ginseng was left outside. It sat on the Heavenly Emperor Cauldron and drew the power of the world.

Without stopping Susu, she chose to ask Baby Ginseng.

“Sir… May I ask… are you really cosmic pirates?”

“Can I join you?”

Yue Ling’s heart thumped.

Now that the Abyss Army had been destroyed, even if their spaceships stayed, she, who didn’t know how to pilot a spaceship, didn’t know how to leave this planet at all.

She didn’t want to stay on this planet forever.

If this Abyss Army was destroyed, other Abyss Armies would definitely come to investigate next.

She couldn’t stay long.

“Yi? (Who are you?)” Baby Ginseng looked at the Beast Tamer combination that Susu had left behind and not destroyed in confusion.

It was a woman in a black robe with a black single ponytail. Her eyes were watery and she looked pretty. Her figure wasn’t bad, but she shouldn’t be Shi Yu’s type.

“No,” Baby Ginseng rejected directly.

“Well… By the way, why weren’t you destroyed? The cleansing power just now didn’t seem to be effective on you,” Baby Ginseng asked curiously.

Yue Ling smiled bitterly and said, “My name is Yue Ling. I’m not affected. Perhaps it’s because my heart isn’t in the Abyss Race.”

She looked at the cleansed bare Abyss Sea Serpent…

After pondering for a moment, he summoned another array. In the next moment, a water-element sprite with antennae and a water-blue body appeared.

“Yue Ling~” After being summoned, the little elf immediately flew into the woman’s arms.

“Ocean Faith Cleansing Sprite.” Baby Ginseng was slightly stunned. It immediately discovered that this little elf was very similar to Susu at the Blue Sea Sprite stage.

“I joined in to overthrow the Abyss Army,” Yue Ling said.

“Good.” The Heavenly Water Star’s will cried.

However, not long after it was touched, the will of the Heavenly Water Star was stunned.

“Hello.” Another figure suddenly appeared on the battleship.

It was a cat-eared, lightly dressed cat girl.

Her burning gaze was staring at Yue Ling’s chest. “Little girl, you seem to have brought some precious treasure. Can you take it out and show it to me?”

“!!!” The Heavenly Water Star’s will was shocked as it looked at Yue Ling resentfully.

It had said not to provoke this group of pirates.

Look, it was already snatched away, and now even it was going to be snatched away.

Although the gem cat had just woken up, it was extremely energetic.

It woke up on its own because it sensed the Wish Star inheritance.

‘How lucky. As expected of Ling,’ the gem cat girl thought to itself. Then, it looked at the woman Susu had left behind.

It felt that the Wish Star inheritance was on the other party.

Yue Ling covered her chest and looked at the new member of the Era Pirate Group, her expression changing slightly.

“Good child, don’t be afraid. Do you have something special on you, something that contains very strong power of faith?”

“Can you… show that to me?”

“I…” Yue Ling took a step back, confused as to why the cat girl in front of her knew what treasure she was carrying.

No, logically speaking, that shouldn’t be considered a treasure.

At least, after carrying it for so many years, she had never discovered anything magical about that pendant.

At this moment, facing the extremely ferocious pirate crew, Yue Ling felt that she couldn’t hide or resist anything. She stiffly took out a pendant-like accessory embedded with a circular sapphire from her chest and said, “Is… is this it?”

“Mimi!!” The gem cat girl teleported in front of Yue Ling and said, “Not bad, not bad. This is it. Where did you get this??”

The thing in front of them was one of the Wish Star inheritances Shi Yu and the others had come to find.

Now, it had clearly not reached the destination predicted by that owl, but it directly appeared in front of it. The gem cat was pleasantly surprised.

It directly pushed the credit to Ling. This luck was awesome.

“This is our family’s inheritance treasure. It’s said that… with it, you can achieve whatever you want and have your wishes come true. Although that’s the case… It looks like an ordinary object.”

“This isn’t an ordinary item, but you don’t recognize how to use it. It’s a waste!”

“Give it to me,” the gem cat said. “Can we use a transaction? What do you want?”

“Otherwise, I can satisfy one of your wishes.”

Yue Ling and the intent of Heavenly Water Star were a little shocked.

They didn’t understand why this cat was so easy to talk to.

They thought that the other party would directly come to snatch the treasure, but in the end, it was a transaction?

“Ah, this!!” The Heavenly Water Star’s intent was confused, and it looked at the bandit-like ginseng baby.

Therefore, why was it a transaction with this human, but it was directly plundered by her?

“Yi!! (Helping you cleanse the power of the abyss isn’t a transaction.)” Baby Ginseng seemed to have sensed what the will of the Heavenly Water Star was thinking and glared at it.

“!!!” The Heavenly Water Star’s intent was stunned. That made sense.

A rescuing favor was greater than anything.

“…” Baby Ginseng sighed. It felt that the intent of this world wasn’t very smart. It should be a new planet.