Chapter 1611 - Chapter 1611: Contracted Myself (2)

Chapter 1611: Contracted Myself (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“My impression of this ruin is that it was a Beast Tamer who controlled a winged dragon and started a huge battle with another Beast Tamer who controlled the black and white Bear Race. Most of it, you need to explore it yourself.”

Shi Yu:

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and cursed in his heart.

Damn, was this the Mythical War between Emperor Huang and Chi You?

Wait a minute, was there really such a ruin?

What exactly was on Earth in the last era? The Four Holy Beasts, Goddess Wa, Chi You… Why did they have everything?

“You seem to have some understanding of this ruin,” Goddess Wa said. “In that case, the probability of you cracking this ruin should be higher. This is one of the help.”

“Second help, do you know about the cosmic overlord army?”

Shi Yu: !!!

“I know.” Shi Yu asked, “Senior Wa, what’s wrong with the cosmic overlord army?”

“If you have any difficulties, you can seek the help of the cosmic overlord army.”

“I once helped Cypos manage the cosmic overlord army for a period of time in the cosmic overlord army and also helped it crack many era ruins. Although I don’t really want to ask it for help, if you need anything, you can mention my name.”

“Cypos is a cosmic overlord.”

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly again.

Holy sh*t!!!

Shi Yu felt that Goddess Wa had shocked him more than Emperor Shi.

First, she exposed the ruins of Chi You and Emperor Huang. Then, she said that she had once held an important position in the cosmic overlord army and even managed the cosmic overlord army?

The gods who left Blue Planet lived really well, and those who lived badly were really poor.

Goddess Wa was clearly one of them. She was doing very well.

It was unbelievable.

Shi Yu was stunned. He felt that Senior Wa was too awesome and exciting.

Although she wasn’t a cosmic-level backer, she had found another cosmic-level backer for Shi Yu.

Moreover, it was the strongest existence in the universe.

In an instant, Shi Yu felt that there was nothing to be afraid of in this world.

Even a cosmic overlord was one of them. What was there to be afraid of?

Shi Yu instantly swelled up with confidence.

“The last help is my help against you.” Goddess Wa looked at Shi Yu and said,

“That body is your previous life, right?”

“Yes…” Shi Yu nodded.

Goddess Wa said, “You only control it with your mind, but your soul hasn’t returned. You’re worried about something, right?”

Shi Yu nodded again.

“Your worry is right. Although your current soul has an extremely high compatibility with your previous life’s body, your previous life’s body is too strong. Your current soul is too weak.”

“Forcibly fusing will cause you a huge burden.”

“You also feel it, right? If you use your mental clone to control him, you will also consume a lot of energy.”

“It’s like this,” Shi Yu said. “Before I strengthened my previous life, the consumption wasn’t that big, but after strengthening my previous life, the consumption of controlling it became greater and greater…”

Shi Yu suddenly regretted using the pseudo source of transcendence to strengthen Beast Shi Yu.

If it wasn’t strengthened, according to Goddess Wa, the level of the soul and body might be able to match quickly.

However… if he didn’t strengthen Beast Shi Yu, Shi Yu wouldn’t have dared to come out and play, nor would he have dared to come to the Contaminated Land. Then, he wouldn’t have been able to see Goddess Wa’s clone… Thinking about it this way, it wasn’t a loss.

“I can teach you a special contract method to let you contract it. This way, your previous life and current body can be safer and easier to fuse.”

“After the contract is completed, you can directly control his movements with your thoughts. Its status will temporarily be no different from the pet you contract. At that time, you can also simulate fusion through the fusion ability until the match is 100%.”

“Can I??” Shi Yu said. “But wasn’t I a human in my previous life?”

“Moreover, he’s at the super divine level, while I’m only at the divine level.”

Goddess Wa said, “It’s alright. He’s not a human of this era. He’s a super divine, but not a super divine. He can be contracted. It’s not difficult to do. You just have to change the contract method. It’s similar to the divine contract of the World King Planet.”

“In addition, your compatibility with it is extremely high. It’s not a problem even if you contract above your level. Although you have to bear a greater burden than now, you can also receive huge feedback after the contract is completed.”

No one knows humans better than me! Goddess Wa’s tone was very certain.

“Contract!” At this point, Shi Yu immediately wanted to know how to contract Beast Shi Yu.

“Follow my clone into the Psychic Resonance state and meditate together. I’ll guide you to complete a new contract,” Goddess Wa said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

In the next moment, he closed his eyes again.

Goddess Wa’s voice appeared in his heart. Her hands were very warm as she

guided Shi Yu to learn the divine contract.

After an unknown period of time, the mental connection between Shi Yu and Beast Shi Yu gradually became stronger.

Under the feedback of Beast Shi Yu, Shi Yu’s various stats quickly increased.

In particular, his physical strength quickly approached the standard of a super divine human.

Of course, the super divine standard Shi Yu’s main body was close to was different from Beast Shi Yu’s super divine standard.

Shi Yu was only close to the super divine physique standard of the Human Race, while Beast Shi Yu wasn’t human at all. The super divine physique standard it had matched the myriad races in the starry sky, and it matched the transcendent life form. It was far stronger than the physique of ordinary humans of the same level. This was also something Shi Yu only discovered later..