Chapter 1615 - Chapter 1615: Shouting At The Abyss Super Divine (3)

Chapter 1615: Shouting at the Abyss Super Divine (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

[Race Skill]

“Divine-level”: Faith skill, Star Sea Contract (Perfect+47), Origin Wave (Perfect+8), Inheritance Water Droplet (Initiate), Water/Quasi Control

(Proficient), Heavenly Frost Cold Energy (Proficient)

[Taught Skill]

“Divine-level”: Infinite Devour (Initiate), Star Refinement (Proficient)

The current stats were actually not Susu’s optimal state.

As time was tight, Shi Yu only had time to increase Susu’s Star Sea Contract level, but the Origin Wave had yet to be maxed out.

Apart from that, Susu actually had another change from the God Sealing Battle.

It was Infinite Devour that successfully advanced. The Infinite Devour that Shi Yu had replicated from the Abyss Worm could finally be taught to Susu during this trip.

This way, Susu could devour resources above the devouring divine level more efficiently and evolve. Shi Yu already had an idea and planned to let Susu swallow the Cold Silence Crown he had refined.

The Cold Silence Crown was a weapon refined by Susu through star refining. It was the ice and snow star that had been corroded by the cosmic disaster, Cold Silence.

Cold Silence, like the Starry Sky Storm, was a cosmic disaster. It contained the nature of ice and time. Wherever it flowed, time would be frozen. Everything would be frozen and become a forbidden zone for life. It was incomparably terrifying.

This skill was actually similar to Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. Therefore, Susu swallowed the Cold Silence Crown to see if it could upgrade the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy skill to a high-level skill because of this cosmic disaster skill, Cold Silence.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t have time to do these things now.

This was because he knew that the outcome of the owl, gem cat, and Lings joint prophecy was that the best time to hunt the abyss super divine was tomorrow.

If they missed tomorrow, the variables might be greater. After careful consideration, Shi Yu and the others decided to challenge the abyss super divine at this time.

Although Susu wasn’t in its optimal state, at least the Star Sea Contract had been maxed out. It was indeed only a step away from the epoch god. It could be called a quasi epoch god.

In addition, its power countered the abyss element, so it might be able to fight.

At this moment, Duckie and the others had already completed their investigation and returned.

Scarlet Blue Star Domain, the Divine Planet.

This star was now the headquarters of the abyss super divine, and it was also where the other party was stationed.

Outside the planet, an invisible battleship slowly approached.

Beside him was the Beast Tamer of Divine Planet, Yue Ling, whom Shi Yu had called over.

Shi Yu stood in the battleship and stared at the already dark planet through the screen with an expressionless face.

“Captain Shi Yu, what should we do next?” Beside Shi Yu, Yue Ling took a deep breath and looked at her mother planet as she asked Shi Yu.

“What should we do?”

“We’re pirates, so of course we’ll attack openly.”

Shi Yu’s words made Beast Tamer Yu Ling, who was beside him, open her mouth slightly. Attack openly?

Was there no tactical strategy?

So, they have been lingering here for so long to search for information just to attack today? Instead of choosing a more suitable strategy?

She couldn’t understand!

As if to verify Shi Yu’s words, Ling didn’t say a word and directly approached the Divine Planet!!

After all, the Divine Planet was the headquarters of this super divine Abyss

Army. The defense measures were indeed incomparable to those in other places.

However, just as the huge battleship approached, it was immediately discovered by the Abyss Army.

Countless abyss members stationed outside the star looked at this huge battleship that suddenly appeared with fear.

“Who is it!!!”

They were even more nervous than Shi Yu because they were currently in the confrontation stage between the Dark King Army and the Cosmic Sea Army. Any commotion could be fatal.

A sneak attack by the Cosmic Sea army?

Or was it one of their own?

They sensed a huge abyssal power from this battleship.

“Wait, pirate crew???” But soon, the Abyss Army stationed outside the Divine Planet discovered the dense pirate flags inserted on the battleship.

Apart from that, life forms that emitted the power of the abyss were also discovered.

“Holy sh*t, Pirate Duck!”

It was a huge duck filled with muscles. It stood in front of the battleship with a pirate hat and a black eye mask to protect its strength, revealing only the Eye of the Evil God.

The huge abyssal power that swept through the starry sky made Duckie indeed look very much like a member of the Abyss Army, but in terms of clothes, it was undoubtedly a pirate.

The next shout was undoubtedly very arrogant.

“Quack! !!! (The Era Pirate Group has arrived, unrelated people, get out of the way!!)”

‘Quack! !!! (Robbing!! Call your boss out!!! You’re called Benos, right!!)”

The huge shout stunned the Abyss Army.

Damn it.

What was going on?

The cosmic pirates… snatched it from their Abyss Army? Didn’t they know that the boss of this Abyss Army was a super divine-level expert?