Chapter 1612 - Chapter 1612: Contracted Myself (3)

Chapter 1612: Contracted Myself (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Of course, under the feedback of Beast Shi Yu, what delighted Shi Yu the most wasn’t the increase in physique but the increase in Beast Taming level.

Although he indeed felt a very strong burden when he contracted Beast Shi Yu at the start, now, this burden was slowly disappearing. His Beast Taming Space level actually directly crossed many levels.

It directly reached the peak of the divine level, the tenth level of the divine level.

“Peak of the divine level…” Shi Yu opened his eyes in disbelief. He didn’t expect his advancement to be so fast. With the cultivation resources given by the Space Emperor and the Cultivation Fruit, he had only increased by one level in the past few months.

However, only contracting Beast Shi Yu directly gave him feedback to the peak of the divine level.

“In other words, as long as I fuse with a source of transcendence now, I can also be a super divine Beast Tamer?” Shi Yu said in disbelief.

A long time ago, he was the one who dragged his pet down.

Eleven and the others advanced from transcendent to commander, from commander to monarch, and from monarch to overlord. As soon as they advanced, they immediately reached the peak of the next realm and had the strongest tier battle power of that level.

However, at the same time, Shi Yu was basically very far from the next level, very far from the current level bottleneck.

It was the culprit behind the pet’s inability to continue breaking through. Of course, this was also related to the fact that the additional points were too strong.

However, everything seemed to have reversed at the divine level. As soon as Eleven and the others broke through from the strongest demigod, they were only close to the high-level divine level. They were still several levels away from the peak of the divine level, the high-level divine, the top-notch divine, and the perfect divine.

Now, most of Shi Yu’s pets were still stuck at high-level divines. They were very, very far from the peak of the divine level.

However, this time, Shi Yu himself had finally reached the peak of the divine level before his pet. This made Shi Yu feel that he might be able to break through to the super divine level before his pet this time.

The benefits of contracting multiple pets had finally come. This was still the feedback from some pets… He was already at the peak of the divine level. If Eleven and the others’ subsequent levels increased, could he break through the limit of the tenth level of the divine level as Emperor Shi had guessed?

“You’re very talented,” Goddess Wa also said at this moment. “However, although I really want to see the birth of five super divine Blue Planet humans immediately, the number is far insufficient now, so there’s no hurry.”

“Don’t easily fuse with the source of transcendence.”

“Uh.” Shi Yu looked at Goddess Wa and said, “Senior Wa… What… does this mean?”

“To be precise, don’t easily fuse the source of transcendence that others have fused. The source of transcendence also has quality.”

“The fusion of a weaker source of transcendence might affect your future path,” Goddess Wa said. “There are a total of three sources of transcendence.” “The universe naturally condenses one every 100,000 years.”

“There’s a chance to plunder if you kill a super divine, or if a super divine commits suicide and takes the initiative to pass it down to others.”

“From the era ruin, remnants of the last era.’

“Among them, in terms of quality, the source of transcendence obtained from killing super divines and the remaining source of transcendence in the era are all ordinary. The quality of the source of transcendence naturally condensed every 100,000 years is the best.”

“There’s a saying that only by fusing with the source of transcendence born naturally in the universe can one have the chance to enter the cosmic level. It’s one of the many sayings of breaking through to the cosmic level.”

“Of course, this source of transcendence is also the most difficult to obtain. It’s even harder than hunting super divines.”

“The peak divine level you’re seeing in the universe now is far from the true limit of the divine level.’

“Among the divine-levels, there’s a batch of divine-levels who have the ability to defeat super divines. They pursue higher and don’t care about the super divine level. They only want to take a gamble and enter the cosmic level. They’re unwilling to fuse with the sources of transcendence that others have fused. They chose to wait for the source of transcendence that appears once every 100,000 years. They didn’t even hesitate to seal themselves for 100,000 years, 200,000, 300,000 years, constantly sealing to extend their lifespan. They only appear once every 100,000 years just to fight for the naturally condensed sources of transcendence.’

“Every time this source of transcendence appears, the universe will also stir up a storm of blood. Apart from the cosmic level, even super divine levels will join in the competition. If possible, it’s best if you advance yourself and fuse with this source of transcendence. With the protection of your previous life, you’re qualified to compete with those monster divine levels who have sealed themselves for hundreds of thousands, millions, or even tens of millions of years..”