Chapter 1613 - Chapter 1613: Shouting At The Abyss Super Divine (1)

Chapter 1613: Shouting at the Abyss Super Divine (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“This…

At this moment, when he heard Goddess Wa say that the source of transcendence naturally condensed in the universe every 100,000 years was the best, and that the rest were second-hand goods and weren’t good, Shi Yu was instantly stunned.

In his mind, Senior Space Emperor’s excited expression when he obtained the source of transcendence appeared.

No…

Senior Space Emperor…!!

Not only Senior Space Emperor, but even the source of transcendence obtained by Senior Time Emperor was incomplete…

It didn’t count the best quality. It might affect the advancement of the cosmic level in the future…

Senior Emperor Shi…!!

Shi Yu instantly felt that the two space-time emperor’s luck wasn’t very good.

However, it didn’t seem to affect Senior Space Emperor very much.

Senior Space Emperor was already very satisfied to be able to become a super divine.

However, Senior Emperor Shi was also determined to pursue the cosmic level and fuse with the remaining source of transcendence of the era. He felt that he had taken the wrong step and didn’t know if he could turn it back.

At the moment, Emperor Shi didn’t let other pets continue to fuse with this source of transcendence. He seemed to be making up for it.

“Speaking of which, I wonder how long has it been since the last time the universe naturally condensed the source of transcendence,” Shi Yu thought.

Upon hearing Goddess Wa’s words, Shi Yu naturally wanted to fight.

However, if he still had to wait tens of thousands of years, it would be meaningless.

Unless he sealed himself and waited for tens of thousands of years, even if he was still alive at that time, Shi Yu felt that it was meaningless. He wasn’t such a patient person.

Well…

Wait a minute.

Shi Yu discovered a blind spot.

Was it possible to directly let Qi bring him to transcend the origin??

He transmigrated to the past and fought an ancient era god.

After going back and forth more than ten times, he took more than ten naturally condensed sources of transcendence and gave them to his pets… But this way… the karma involved was a little huge.

Of course, Shi Yu also had to consider if he could defeat other competitors.

According to Goddess Wa, the reason why the legendary epoch gods in the universe looked small was because in order to extend their lifespans, they basically didn’t appear in the world and were sealed at all times?

This wasn’t the most important thing. Most importantly, Goddess Wa said that some super divines might join in the competition…

With Shi Yu’s current strength, it was alright to fight a weaker super divine.

However, if they wanted to compete for transcendent origin, it was no different from becoming enemies with all the competitors. At that time, as long as they displayed a little advantage, they would probably be attacked by a group.

Its strength was far from enough. Without battle power that exceeded transcendent 4, it probably had no fate to transcend the origin.

At this moment, Shi Yu only thought for a moment. Goddess Wa’s clone opposite him suddenly began to become a little illusory and dim.

Shi Yu immediately looked at Senior Wa and shouted.

“Senior Wa.”

However, without any answer, her figure slowly disappeared.

“Goodbye, Goddess Wa.” Beside him, the Sand Fortress Guardian immediately shouted when it saw Goddess Wa disappear.

Then, it explained to Shi Yu, “Because of the main body, Goddess Wa’s clone will also suffer a huge backlash. Next, I’ll leave it to you to quickly fulfill the conditions to enter the era ruin.’

“There must be something in the ruins that’s helpful to Goddess Wa’s restoration, that’s why she’s so concerned about this ruin,” the Sand Fortress Guardian guessed.

“Alright…” Shi Yu nodded.

“Thank you, Senior Guardian. Are you still staying here next?” Shi Yu looked at it.

“That’s right,” the Sand Fortress Guardian said. “Although this place is remote, it’s alright. Let’s go up first. I’ll send you.”

Soon after.

The silver-white battleship set off from the yellow-brown planet again.

Looking at the scenery outside the battleship, Shi Yu felt a sense of loss. Coming early was indeed the right choice.

He turned and walked to the conference room. At this moment, the pets were already waiting for the meeting.

Pushing open the door, the pets looked at Shi Yu eagerly.

“Wuu, vwu! Eleven patted the table excitedly.

“l know you’re anxious, but don’t worry.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Wu wu     Eleven was naturally anxious.

In fact, Shi Yu had also told his pets about the myths on Earth.

When Eleven was still a child, Shi Yu had been telling stories to it all day.

Whether it was true or false, novels and myths had all been told.

For example, the story of a Beast Tamer, surnamed Tang, contracting a stone monkey, a pig-headed man, and a river boy to challenge ferocious beasts along the way.

For example, the story of Emperor Huang summoning Ying Long and fighting the Demon God Chi You had been told.

Now that Eleven knew that Chi You and the Iron-eating Beast might really have existed in the last era and had extremely powerful ruins, how could it not want to explore the ruins Goddess Wa mentioned?

“What exactly happened down there?”

Apart from the pets with mental connections with Shi Yu, the gem cat, and owl wanted to know what exactly happened after Shi Yu arrived.

“It’s nothing.” Shi Yu sat down and said, “As expected, I can’t open the ruins.”

“However, I saw Goddess Wa’s clone.’

Gem Cat, Owl: What!!!

“Senior Wa, in order to accelerate the appearance of five human super divines on the Blue Planet, she provided me with some help.”

“Did you sense my current level?”

Shi Yu smiled, and the gem cat and owl carefully observed Shi Yu.

Then, they opened their mouths wide, as if they could vaguely see the unreachable 10 levels of the sky behind Shi Yu.

A powerful spatial pressure bloomed from Shi Yu t s body.

This spatial power was enough for Shi Yu to rely on the pressure of the Beast Taming Space to suppress ordinary divine levels and forcefully contract them to become slaves..