Chapter 1614 - Chapter 1614: Shouting At The Abyss Super Divine (2)

Chapter 1614: Shouting at the Abyss Super Divine (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Peak divine level?” The owl said, “Damn, you ate Goddess Wa!”

Shi Yu:

“l ate myself!” Shi Yu said.

“In short, it was Goddess Wa who helped me increase my strength and told me that an era ruin on the Blue Planet could be explored. Then, she said that if we encountered any difficulties, we could look for her old friend.”

“Well, that’s about it.’

“By the way, when Senior Wa was at her peak, she was once a powerful life form at the peak of the super divine level. It’s really impressive.” The gem cat and the owl were very shocked. Peak super divine?

Goddess Wa was too strong.

“Big harvest.” The owl was excited. As expected, she had reincarnated to Blue Planet and was definitely guided by Lady Luck.

Although the World King Planet wasn’t bad, there were too many powerful races. The astrologers were nothing.

He felt that only by playing with Blue Planet could he have a huge opportunity.

“So next, are we going back to Blue Planet to explore the ruins?” The gem cat looked at Eleven.

This little guy was so anxious.

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven felt that it wasn’t far from strengthening.

It would be the first place in the next team internal competition!

Apart from being first place in the first year, Eleven hadn’t gotten first place in a long time.

“We haven’t done the serious thing yet. What’s the hurry, right, Susu?” Shi Yu looked at Susu on the chair opposite him.

“Ning, Ning! Susu expressed that it was very right. It had yet to fight the abyss super divine. How could it go back just like that?

Niany places in this star domain were dirty. If it didn’t cleanse it before returning, it could be troubled for ten thousand years.

“Let’s stay for a while more.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s rare for us to come out. ”

“Next, our mission is to hunt the abyss super divine, Benos!’!

“Let’s see the true difference between us and super divines. In addition… battle merits and the source of transcendence, we can take a gamble.” “The main force this time is Susu, and the others are supports.”

“A super divine level definitely has many subordinates close to the super divine level under him. There might even be subordinates who can counter the power of cleansing. The mission of the others is to help Susu eliminate the obstacles and let it fight the abyss super divine quietly.”

“So what should we do next?” The owl had an ominous feeling of working. “At the moment, the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association and the Dark King Army are in a confrontational state. A war can happen at any time, and a huge battle is about to break out,” Ling said. “If we want to fish in troubled waters in this situation, the most important thing is to find the right time.”

“Next, if we can accurately know when the Environmental Protection Association and the Dark King Army will make big moves, it’s the most beneficial to us.’

“Therefore, after that, we’ll split up. Teacher Owl, you and Teacher Ying can predict the day to attack together. It’s the most beneficial for us.”

“From a metaphysical perspective, let us occupy the sky.”

“As for me and Duckie, we’ll find an opportunity to observe the situation of this abyss army everywhere. The situation of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain…

Well, we still have to call that Yue Ling and strive to also occupy the advantage of the geographical sharpness!”

“Ah…” Upon hearing that, the owl said, “Do we still need people?”

“Of course, before we become sh*t stirrers, Susu and I can still work harder.’ Shi Yu chuckled.

“Ning, Ning! Susu looked expectant. Alright.

Let’s go to the abyss together!

Soon, the Beast Tamer Yu Ling, whom Shi Yu and the others had picked up from Heavenly Water Star, was also called to the conference room.

“Captain Shi Yu, you’re looking for me…”

After Yue Ling entered the conference room, she looked at Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others sitting neatly in two rows.

She was silent for a moment. She still felt that this pirate crew was a little strange.

Apart from Shi Yu, who was a man, it wasn’t a cute creature (Eleven, Shorty). It was some strange creature (Three-Headed Black Tortoise, Blind Demon Duck), or a bunch of beautiful women (two cats, Chi Tong).

She kept feeling that this pirate crew was a little abnormal.

“Yes, I want to ask you a few questions,” Shi Yu said. “Let’s confirm again.”

“You previously told Ling that the current location of the abyss super divine,

Benos, is on your mother planet, the Divine Planet, right?”

“Yes.” Yue Ling nodded and said, “After my mother planet fell, the headquarters of the Abyss Army have been stationed there.”

“We plan to attack soon. Next, I’ll let you go out and observe the surrounding environment of the Divine Planet with Ling. Is there a problem?” “No problem,” Yue Ling said. “Is it just me and Miss Ling?” She looked at the battleship, Ling.

“No, for safety’s sake, one more.” Shi Yu looked at Duckie.

“Quack!” Duckie stood up from the chair and tilted its blindfolded eyes, turning into a one-eyed pirate duck. The power of the abyss spread from its body.

“!!!” Yue Ling widened her eyes. Abyss Race!

She didn’t expect that not only were there members who were expert cleansing power on this pirate ship, but there was also an abyss life form. This was simply… What was the background of this pirate crew?

“With it around, your aura can better integrate into this starry sky,” Shi Yu said.

Then, time passed quickly.

With a goal, everything had motivation.

When Lings clone, Duckie, and the others went out to search for information, Shi Yu crazily added points to Susu.

After Shi Yu contracted Beast Shi Yu and his strength increased, the speed at which he added points also increased greatly.

In just half a month, Susu’s attributes were as follows..