Chapter 1618 - Chapter 1618: Susu And Duck Combination (3)

Chapter 1618: Susu and Duck Combination (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Duckie suddenly raised its head solemnly and saw that above the higher sea of stars, this place was filled with a large amount of mist, filled with strangeness and horror. A smelly aura circled in the starry sky. It activated the Wave Heart Eye with all its might, wanting to observe the huge figure behind the star mist, but it failed.

I can’t defeat it.

Soon, this thought appeared in Duckie’s heart.

“Abyss super divine, Benos.” The Environmental Protection Army reconnaissance team trapped in the abyss was extremely afraid. They knew that the crazy actions of this pirate crew would definitely cause the super divine to descend.

“Lord Benos! ! ” The remaining Abyss Army was also extremely surprised to see Lord Benos appear.

However, contrary to their imagination, Benos didn’t attack this Pirate Duck. Instead, he seemed to admire the other party and had the intention of making it submit to him.

“You’re not worthy.” However, in the eyes of anyone, the Pirate Ducks answer was no different from dancing on a landmine. It was clearly trembling from the terrifying aura, and the hand holding the Demon Subduing Pestle was a little shaky, but it still looked straight at the strange mist and disdained it.

“It’s not up to you.” Before Benos could see its body, it displayed a difference in strength that seemed to be a dimension apart from the divine level. An abyss tide that was like the collapse of the starry sky drowned the battleship and Duckie in this shattered world.

Just as it said, it couldn’t be helped.

With the power of a super divine level abyss life form, it was easy to corrode the will of a life form and change its race.

“It must still have a trump card.”

Seeing that Duckie was so arrogant and was also invincible in the face of the super divine, the scouts of the Environmental Protection Army swallowed their saliva crazily. In this situation, they could already determine that they had definitely been discovered by the abyss super divine.

However, because they were too weak and not worth the attention of the abyss super divine, now that they were surrounded by the abyss, if they wanted to leave alive, they could only rely on this pirate crew. As long as the other party could give the abyss super divine some pressure, they could escape.

The news here had to be spread quickly.

Under everyone’s gaze, Duckie looked straight at the incoming abyss tide and took a deep breath, using its ultimate move, “Quack!! (Switch, switch, Big Sister, save me!!!)”

Sensing such a terrifying abyssal power, Duckie instantly analyzed that it couldn’t devour or cleanse it. It raised its head and roared for help.

At this moment, the starry sky seemed to be silent. The corners of many people’s mouths twitched.

But in the next moment, accompanied by the sound of water falling into the water, Duckie’s request for help seemed to have really worked. From the center of the starry sky, a holy light wave kept spreading and illuminating the surroundings.

Then, in front of everyone’s disbelief, this cleansing wave began to forcefully push away the abyss tide from all directions. The terrifying cleansing wave also instantly cleansed the remaining abyss life forms. Even the black mist in the sea of stars was dispersed, revealing the true body of the abyss super divine.

Its entire body was dark green, and it was extremely huge. It vaguely had the outline of a Sea Horse, and its entire body was filled with spikes. Not only were ten red eyes flickering with light, but dense seaweed-like hair was also wrapped around it, looking extremely terrifying.

Benos, who was floating in the starry sky, looked in the direction of the battleship in surprise.

A Starry Sky Slime, wearing a crown, also floated in the starry sky and looked at it calmly and in disgust.

“Cleansing star spirit.” The moment Benos saw Susu, it recognized its race. “You’re from the Environmental Protection Association?”

It knew that it was impossible for such a powerful pirate to appear for no reason. The appearance of the cleansing star spirit confirmed the identity of this pirate crew.

Only the Environmental Protection Association had the cleansing star spirit. As soon as this race was born, it would be absorbed by the Environmental Protection Association and very few would be missed.

“I see. Is it going to launch an all-out attack today? But launching an all-out attack in such a stupid way and sending such a weak star spirit is a little disrespectful to my existence.”

The abyss super divine, Benos, could sense SUsU’s power. It should have the strength of a perfect divine, but it was still wishful thinking to defeat it above its level.

On the Cosmic Sea’s side, no matter how insufficient the military force was, there should be several super divines, even if they couldn’t gather ten super divines. Now, he was actually underestimated like this and thought that he could resist a cleansing star spirit that wasn’t even super divine. Benos couldn’t help but find it funny.

“Ning. (You talk so much nonsense.)” Susu looked at Benos calmly. Its gaze flashed, and its body kept enlarging, also enlarging into a huge slime that was like a star, making Benos’s expression freeze.

Of course, what it cared about wasn’t the change in Susu’s body, but the sound of countless stars in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. They were asking this cleansing star spirit for help.

Not only were the countless stars in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain wailing, but even the stars in the surrounding star domains were also contributing endless power to gather here.

“You…” Benos instantly knew that it had made a mistake just now. The other party’s strength was definitely not as simple as an ordinary, perfect divine. The other partys intrinsic skill, the skill that signed a contract with the starry sky, was terrifyingly high.

Boom!!!

In a daze, light spread from Susu’s body and turned into a cleansing wave. In an instant, it flipped and blew Benos’s huge body away. Benos was like a flying star, shattering countless small meteorites..