Chapter 1617 - Chapter 1617: Susu And Duck Combination (2)

Chapter 1617: Susu and Duck Combination (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, the weaker Abyss Race instantly lost their ability to fight when they touched the rain of light and fell from the starry sky. Although the stronger Abyss Race could resist the rain of light, they were also strongly affected. Duckie descended and waved the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff in its hand. A large number of figures were flipped over like a mountain and exploded in the starry sky!

The Vajra Demon Subduing Staff in its hand seemed to have shocking divine power. It could kill gods and demons in its path. It seemed that Duckie was too ridiculous. A stronger Abyss Race finally appeared in the guard army of the Divine Planet.

It was a huge water ghost that looked like an ape. Its entire body emitted a black aura. It held a trident and attacked in anger. Dark laws lingered on the trident, sweeping up the power of the super divine abyss and directly attacking Duckie.

Boom!!!

Duckie didn’t show any weakness. Its body enlarged, and it also held the Demon Subduing Pestle to sweep up the cleansing power and smash it at the other party’s dark trident. After a violent sound, cracks appeared on the dark trident, and the aura of the abyss leaked, shocking the water ghost.

HUI!

The Demon Subduing Pestle swept up the duck’s strength and one-star strength. Susu’s strength instantly broke through the other party’s weapon limit. The quality wasn’t on the same level at all, and it directly stabbed into the water ghost’s abdomen.

“Quack (Dark Water!!).” Under the incredulous expression of the top-notch god of the Abyss Army, it realized that apart from cleansing itself, this Pirate Duck also wanted to absorb its abyssal power!!

After using weapons to penetrate it in the starry sky, Duckie’s other hand directly turned into black mist. A black hole-like vortex appeared in its palm and directly pinched its neck. As it cleansed its abyssal power into pure abyssal power that was easier to absorb without the marks of others, it absorbed this abyssal power into its body to strengthen itself.

“Pfft! In an instant, a top-notch divine was destroyed by Duckie’s consecutive moves. Not only was its entire body cleansed, but most of its strength had also been absorbed. In the blink of an eye, it was extremely weak and on the verge of death.

Duckie swung its remaining body and threw it away. It charged into the Abyss Army again like a Demon God and God of Slaughter. Through the many combination methods of cleansing, Dark Control, and the Eye of the Evil God, it hunted and strengthened itself.

“This…” Yue Ling continued to watch in a daze. That was top-notch divine. It was the same on Heavenly Water Star. A top-notch divine was insta-killed by a Starry Sky Slime without any resistance. It was the same here. This Pirate Duck was also brave.

No wonder Shi Yu dared to challenge the super divine. Any member of this pirate crew seemed to have the strength to defeat a top-notch divine.

“Not good!!!” Not long after, the Abyss Army guarding Divine Planet discovered the BUG of this Pirate Duck. It wasn’t afraid of the power of the abyss or the power of cleansing, and it didn’t seem to have any methods to counter it.

Moreover, Duckie, who was fighting and devouring the power of the others, seemed to have endless power. Especially that weapon, which had released a huge amount of power from the beginning to the end and had never weakened.

At that moment, Duckie was extremely excited. Although it was a trick and had borrowed the power of Big Sister Susu, the feeling of absorbing the power of the abyss infinitely to strengthen itself was too good. It was really addictive.

Of course, the duck was also very alert. It cleansed its power before absorbing it. Otherwise, it would definitely fall under the power of the abyss and be killed by the Beast Tamer and Big Sister.

“Unbelievable. Who is this guy?” At this moment, apart from Shi Yu and the others, there was another uninvited guest in the endless void.

They also infiltrated the Scarlet Blue Star Domain through high-tech methods and infiltrated the vicinity of the Divine Planet.

This was a four-man elite team. There were two humans and two cosmic life forms. Among them, two cosmic life forms, one was a cleansing race ranked in the top ten thousand of the cosmic races, and the other was also an Abyss Beast. However, from the looks of it, they controlled the power of the abyss very well.

“Pirates? Ridiculous. At a time like this, why would a pirate attack the Divine Planet?”

“To be precise, how dare the pirates attack the Abyss Army?” At that moment, the team was shocked.

They were actually members of the Environmental Protection Army stationed at the edge of the Cosmic Sea. The Cosmic Sea had already made the overall attack decision. They were equivalent to scouts who came to scout first. In the end, they didn’t expect to see such a good show at the enemy’s headquarters.

The headquarters of the Abyss super divine which they regarded as a great enemy was being attacked by pirates!

It was ridiculous!

The key was that the Pirate Duck was still so strong. It actually cultivated the power of cleansing and the abyssal power at the same time and defeated a top-notch Abyss God. Where did this pirate come from?

Unfortunately, they were stationed at the edge of the Cosmic Sea all year round and were in a highly tense battle state at all times. They had no time to pay attention to the demigod competition on the World King Planet. Otherwise, if it were someone from the World King Planet who saw Duckie’s current performance, they should be able to recognize it.

“So strong.” Under their surprise, Duckie swept through the army again and sucked the ten divine-level Abyss Beasts to its side with irresistible force. It was tyrannical and heaven-defying.

“Quack! Duckie ferociously defeated the enemy and portrayed the pirate vividly. However, at this moment, Duckie and the scouts of the Environmental Protection Army made the pupils of Yue Ling in the battleship shrink at the same time.

“On account of your strength, submit to me, and I’ll spare your life.”

Countless mantras gathered in the starry sky, and a terrifying black mist seemed to have enveloped the entire Scarlet Blue Star Domain. Everyone was dragged into a new abyss world, disappearing from the stars and falling into the dark sea..