Chapter 1610 - Chapter 1610: Contracted Myself (1)

Chapter 1610: Contracted Myself (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Goddess Wa!!” Seeing this clone, the Sand Fortress Guardian was extremely excited and immediately greeted her.

Goddess Wa’s clone nodded. In the end, her gaze focused on Shi Yu, who gulped and asked, “Are you a human Beast Tamer from Blue Planet?”

“No.” Her gaze instantly landed on Beast Shi Yu. Then, she fell into a deep thought.

From expressionless to slightly incredulous.

“You have a big secret about you. Your previous life came from the last era.” The guardian scratched its head at the side, unable to understand at all.

It, who had grown up on this planet, had even less knowledge than the Heavenly Water Star Will.

“Senior Wa.”

When Shi Yu saw that Goddess Wa could tell the relationship between Beast Shi Yu and him at a glance, he couldn’t help but say, “Senior Goddess Wa, I’m considered a human on Blue Planet in this life, but I really don’t know anything about my previous life.”

“This is also the reason why I keep exploring the era ruin.”

Goddess Wa said, “Using this method, you escaped the curse that the era was destroyed and you couldn’t survive to the next era?”

“I don’t know if it’s a success or a failure.” She shook her head.

She looked at Shi Yu and said, “Your previous life must have been very

powerful, but in order to reincarnate into this era, your strength seems to have completely dissipated. Now, it’s even difficult to resist a super divine level.”

Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Sort of…’

However, the problem was that he had no idea why he was so powerful in his previous life.

He was just an ordinary person.

Could it be that after he died, some crazy scientist used his body as an experiment…

“How many super divine humans are there on the Blue Planet now?” Goddess Wa asked.

“There are two,” Shi Yu said.

Emperor Shi and Emperor Kong.

“I understand.” Goddess Wa said, “I was in a hurry previously and indeed didn’t give the World Tree enough guidance. Being able to give birth to two super divines has already exceeded my expectations.”

“But this isn’t enough. If we want to open this ruin, we need at least five super divine humans.”

“At the moment… we’re still short of three, no, two.” She looked at Shi Yu and said, “You’ll be able to become a super divine soon. I can provide you with some help.”

Shi Yu was delighted, but he still asked the question he was concerned about first.

“Senior Wa, may I ask what level your main body is and why you can’t be awakened from sleeping here?”

Goddess Wa was silent for a moment before saying, “There’s no harm in telling you. My main body is at the quasi-cosmic level, the peak of the super divine level. Back then, I suffered a backlash from failing to break through to the cosmic level and could only be forced to seal myself to recuperate.”

“The situation at that time was very complicated. My attempt to break through was also related to this ruin. In short, before I can enter this ruin, I don’t plan to unseal my main body.”

“Failed to break through to the cosmic level??” Shi Yu was slightly shocked.

Previously, he had joked with the owl about what would happen if Goddess Wa was the sixth cosmic level.

In fact, Shi Yu quickly abandoned this thought.

According to some secret records, when the sixth cosmic level was active, Goddess Wa might not have left the Blue Planet or been born.

The time didn’t match at all, so the sixth cosmic level must be someone else.

Therefore, Shi Yu felt that it was already not bad for Goddess Wa to have a super divine level and the strength of an emperor.

However, Shi Yu didn’t expect that Goddess Wa was stronger than he imagined. She even had the capital to charge to the cosmic level.

Although she failed, the level of a peak super divine was already very unbelievable.

Under the five cosmic levels, every cosmic emperor only had two to three peak super divine followers. The number was pitifully small.

“Senior Wa, what exactly are the conditions to break through to the cosmic level?” Shi Yu asked.

Goddess Wa looked at Shi Yu and said, “You…”

“If I knew, would I have failed?” She made Shi Yu speechless.

Goddess Wa said, “I do know some conditions to break through to the cosmic level, but it might not necessarily be suitable for you.”

“I can only tell you that the conditions for every race and individual to break through to the cosmic level are different. You have to find it yourself and try it yourself. Others’ paths can’t be replicated.”

“The breakthrough conditions for every individual… are different…” Shi Yu muttered Goddess Wa’s guidance. He nodded and felt that it made sense. He was enlightened.

Indeed, as the highest level in the universe, it would be a little strange if it could replicate someone else’s path.

“Alright, this clone can’t exist for long. Next, I can provide you with three help. I hope the Blue Planet humans can give birth to five super divines as soon as possible.”

Shi Yu looked at Goddess Wa, wanting to hear what the three helps were.

Goddess Wa said, “The first help is that during the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era, apart from Goddess Wa’s Ruins, I actually discovered a second era ruin that was related to Blue Planet in the last era.”

“However, at that time, because some conditions didn’t meet, I couldn’t explore this ruin. At that time, I hid this ruin and waited to explore it in the future.”

“This ruin contains pretty good opportunities and resources. You can try to explore and crack it.”

“Could it be that there are five sources of transcendence inside?” Shi Yu asked, thinking of the ruins Emperor Shi had entered.

Could it be that Goddess Wa was talking about that ruin?

“Source of transcendence?” Goddess Wa shook her head and said, “That’s an ancient war ruin. It seems to have been opened up by the battle of two powerful Beast Tamers from the last era..