Chapter 1619 - Chapter 1619: Susu And Duck Combination (4)

Chapter 1619: Susu and Duck Combination (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Roar! ! ! ” The brutal origin wave enhanced by the quasi-transcendent-level Star Sea Contract hit Benos, making it let out an angry roar.

At this moment, the audience watching this battle was already completely silent. The four scouts of the Environmental Protection Army were stunned when they saw Benos being sent flying. They let out miserable cries.

Moreover, what was Benos saying just now?

Cleansing star spirit? Environmental Protection Association?

They looked at Susu in disbelief. They were very certain that the other party was definitely not one of them. Their battle plan didn’t have this ring at all. They had never seen such a teammate in the Void Battlefield.

What exactly was going on with this battle?

“l!!” At this moment, after being attacked by Susu, Benos first confirmed that it had indeed underestimated the other party. If it was an Abyss Race that was of transcendent 1, it might really lose to this cleansing star spirit.

The other party’s Starry Sky Contract level was terrifyingly high, but unfortunately, it was above transcendent 2. Moreover, although the skill level was terrifyingly high, it didn’t seem to have reached that level—the level that was enough to support the cleansing star spirit to cleanse above its level.

“You succeeded and angered me.” Soon, black light spread from Benos’s figure, looking like it had self-destructed, making people afraid.

Boom.

In the next moment, Benos’s body indeed directly exploded. A large amount of abyssal power poured out of its body. The Abyss Beasts that had been defeated by Duckie just now all revived at this moment. Moreover, every one of them had the strength of a top-notch divine. Hundreds of top-notch Abyss Gods instantly densely appeared in the entire starry sky, extremely shocked.

“Go.” In the void, with a command, hundreds of top-notch gods of different forms who had already lost consciousness attacked Susu crazily. Seeing this, Susu frowned and swept with origin fluctuations.

The blue wave instantly froze many Abyss Gods in the starry sky. However, accompanied by Benos’s figure, it turned into a humanoid sea monster with a face like blue indigo, hair like sand, and a huge mouth and fangs. These Abyss Gods that had been revived by it also self-destructed right on the heels.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!!!

However, this time, it wasn’t the appearance of a huge abyssal power, but the birth of a strange curse power that directly appeared out of thin air on Susu’s body, causing pitch-black abyssal patterns to appear on its Starry Sky Slime-like body.

“Ning!” Susu wanted to cleanse, but it realized that cleansing these abyss patterns seemed to be as difficult as completely cleansing the abyss super divine in front of it. Even with unlimited energy, it took a lot of time.

“I need your power.” Just like how Susu could mobilize the power of the starry sky, this abyss super divine seemed to be able to mobilize the power of the starry sky. However, what it mobilized was the power of the abyss on the polluted planet.

In the face of the angry Susu, the abyss super divine, Benos, also began to absorb the abyssal power from the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. The reason why the Abyss Race expanded their territory was also because of this. The wider the abyssal range, the stronger the Abyss Race.

Countless abyssal powers gathered in Beno’s mouth. Its huge abyssal mouth seemed to be connected to another dimension. A purple pillar of light flickered, like a light wave that could destroy stars, and instantly penetrated Susu.

At that moment, Susu couldn’t care less about the Abyss Curse on its body and chose to resist the enemys attack with all its might. Its origin fluctuations also turned into a green and white pillar of light that condensed in front of it

and shot out.

Two light waves intertwined.

Boom!!!

Purification and the abyss wave collided. When one side’s strength was too strong, the restraint relationship weakened the limit. The current situation was that although Susu’s strength countered that of the other party, because its level was weaker than that of the other party, it could only barely resist.

“You’re not my match.” Benos spat out the light of the abyss that polluted the world. In the end, it suppressed Susu’s power. The huge pillar of light instantly shattered Susu’s body.

In the blink of an eye, a new body condensed in the starry sky. This time, Susu turned into the form of a holy maiden of the Blue Sea at the Blue Sea Sprite stage again and appeared behind Benos. Elemental condensed, and the Origin Sword of the Sea of Stars swung down.

Swoosh!

Benos’s body was divided into two. Susu instantly returned to its Slime form, and the abyss patterns on its body became deeper and more corroded.

“Difficult guy.” Benos’s body, which had been divided into two, exploded again. Then, a terrifying scene appeared. Abyss vortex that filled the sky appeared. 10,000, 100,000, 1 billion…

Tens of billions of abyss creatures were summoned by Benos from the abyss vortex in all directions. The lower limit of the strength of these creatures was very low. The weakest was only at the transcendent level, and the strongest was only a demigod, but the number was incomparably terrifying.

These were all creatures polluted by the Abyss Army in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. Benos had the ability to summon them. At this moment, these creatures had already been corroded by the abyss into forms, souls, spirits, and monsters that could be controlled wantonly.

These demons increased the pressure of Susu’s cleansing again. The starry sky was no longer light. Sensing that this cleansing star spirit was about to reach a dead end, Benos’s expression was calm as he looked in a certain direction.

“Captain Shi Yu.” At this moment, in the silver battleship, surrounded by so many abyss monsters, Yue Lings heart kept accelerating. However, at this moment, she didn’t understand the most. There were clearly many members of the pirate crew, so why did Shi Yu only let that slime go out alone?

Even the Pirate Duck had already returned to the battleship to recuperate.

“Life can only break through bottlenecks when it’s at its limit,” Shi Yu said calmly. He stared at the outside world, stunning Yue Ling. So now, he was…

using the abyss super divine as a sparring partner?

“Of course, if a special situation happens, like now, I’ll send help,” Shi Yu said.

“Master, I’m late.” In the starry sky, Susu faced the abyss super divine and tens of billions of abyss creatures and fell into a huge disadvantage.

However, at this moment, Benos’s reinforcements seemed to be endless. A new abyss vortex appeared, and a perfect divine appeared here.

It was a white dragon. Its appearance looked like a combination of a white bird and a dragon. Its entire body was covered in soft white feathers that were like lightning, and its entire body emitted the light of lightning.

“Kill it.” Benos glanced at its capable general, the White Abyss Lightning Beast. This was the only subordinate under it who didn’t cultivate the power of the abyss and had reached the perfect divine level. It recruited such a subordinate for the current situation.

The strength of the cleansing star spirit was the Starry Sky Contract. However, the restriction of the Starry Sky Contract was that it could only be used on specific lives. In other words, although this cleansing star spirit could pose a certain threat to it, it might not necessarily be able to gain much advantage against other elemental experts of the same level.

The White Abyss Lightning Beast was a special existence it had cultivated. It had the strength of a perfect divine level. Although it wasn’t super divine, it could definitely pose a huge threat to this cleansing star spirit.

Benos only wanted to win as soon as possible and didn’t want to be entangled too much. If it fought this cleansing star spirit itself, it might be an endless, protracted battle. And now, if it could win as soon as possible, it could go and split the spoils of war from the other areas.

“Master, leave it to me.” The White Abyss Lightning Beast locked its gaze on Susu and spread its lightning wings, flying towards Susu. However, just as it was about to do so, with a boom, a Blind Demon Duck stepped out of the battleship again and appeared in the path of the White Abyss Lightning Beast in a flash.

“Quack (Get lost!)!!!”

The White Abyss Lightning Beast was sent flying. Its eyes flickered with lightning as it looked at the World Cleansing Demon Duck that stopped it.

“If you want to stop Big Sister, pass me first.” Duckie completely took off all its eye masks and looked at the White Abyss Lightning Beast calmly.

“You?” Lightning flashed on the White Abyss Lightning Beast’s body again.

“Not because of me, but because I’m in first place on the team!” Duckie held several Time Fruits in both hands and ate them all as if it was taking medicine..