Chapter 1616 - Chapter 1616: Duck Combination (1)

Chapter 1616: Duck Combination (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Scarlet Blue Star Domain, outside the Divine Planet.

Many abyss life forms stared fiercely at the Pirate Duck of the Era Pirate Group.

Although it was also an abyss life form and everyone was “of the same race”, the Pirate Duck’s arrogant behavior was no different from provoking their regular army.

The abyss was a large race. Because of the nature of pollution and contagion, its race was spread throughout the universe. It wasn’t impossible for some individuals to become pirates.

However, these regular armies really couldn’t imagine why a lousy organization like the Space Pirates had the guts to rob the super divine army.

“Quack!”

Duckie stepped into the starry sky and walked out of the battleship step by step. A circular dark wave ripple appeared under its feet, and ripples appeared with every step. In the blink of an eye, it formed a confrontation with the thousands of Abyss Race armies outside Divine Planet.

Boom!

Duckie’s aura erupted further, and the might of a high-level god was undoubtedly displayed.

When Shi Yu’s pets first broke through half a year ago, their divine power levels were already at the peak of intermediate gods.

And now, half a year later, it had almost increased to the growth level of a high-level divine.

It wasn’t relying on skill points, but purely on the divine power level piled up with various divine-level cultivation resources and food created by the ginseng baby.

With Buggy using the Four Holy Ruins to activate the creation farming domain and Baby Ginseng using the power of the world to farm for free, under the strong alliance, Shi Yu’s pets ate big meals that other divine levels could only eat once every day.

However, although the high-level divines weren’t weak anymore, seeing this, the Abyss Army opposite only wanted to laugh.

Damn it, he was a high-level divine. Even on any intermediate planet, he wasn’t the strongest. How could this Pirate Duck dare?

“A guy with a death wish.” In the Abyss Army, a black mermaid who looked like a sergeant held a gun and directly aimed at Duckie, shooting a blue water bullet with a bang.

The water bullet was as fast as a light bullet, drawing a blue light in the starry sky. What was unbelievable was that this water bullet actually contained a strong cleansing power.

“It’s really rolling.” In the battleship, Shi Yu shook his head. The Dark King Army and the Environmental Protection Association were at odds. In order to understand how to counter the other party, many purifiers of the

Environmental Protection Association contracted pollution pets. On the Dark King Army’s side, there were actually many pollution monsters who had mastered the cleansing ability..

“That’s the Death Cleansing Spear, the ultimate weapon developed by the Environmental Protection Association. It was later mastered by the Dark King Army. The highest level of cleansing bullets fired can cause huge damage to abyssal creatures below top-notch divines. Apart from huge consumption and single effects, there are basically no other shortcomings,” Yue Ling looked out at the starry sky and said nervously.

“Don’t worry, it’s just the cleansing power mastered by external forces,” Shi Yu said.

It wasn’t enough to rely on this method to deal with a monster duck that cultivated two powers at the same time.

Swoosh!

As the cleansing bullets attacked, Duckie frowned and condensed a weapon in front of it!

It was a blue-gold pestle!!

“Quack! Duckie swung, and the arc of the water bullet instantly changed. The Demon Subduing Pestle directly absorbed the cleansing bullet, shocking the Abyss Army opposite.

“What’s that!!”

“What is it? The attack of the Death Cleansing Spear was absorbed??”

“Quack! (I’ll return it to you!)” Duckie swung again, and the cleansing bullet in the Demon Subduing Pestle was thrown back intact. It was even faster, making the pupils of the black mermaid who fired the attack shrink.

Boom!!!

“Ah!!!” Its right shoulder was penetrated by the water drop. A huge cleansing power began to sweep through its entire body, making it sway in the starry sky in pain. The weapon in its hand also fell into the starry sky.

“Quack… (Damn it, they actually dare to attack me.)” At this moment, Duckie was angry and planned to give the Abyss Army a greeting gift.

It raised the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff high and activated its Wave Vision, Heart Eye. At the top of the pestle, a constantly expanding cleansing bomb began to condense. However, this cleansing bomb was ridiculously large!!

In an instant, it expanded into a cleansing water star that was like an asteroid. The blue-gold cleansing light shone like the sun.

“Roar! Just seeing this light, many soldiers of the Abyss Army were in extreme pain and let out wails.

“What’s that?” In the battleship, Yue Ling was in disbelief. This Pirate Duck had clearly erupted with an abyssal power comparable to that of a high-level Abyss God just now, but at this moment, why did it erupt with such a dazzling cleansing power?

She didn’t understand!

But without a doubt, Duckie planned to fight against thousands of Abyss Races alone.

At this moment, Duckie gently headed towards the incomparably huge water star under the Divine Planet. Then, as the water star exploded into countless rains of light, it charged into the Abyss Army!

“Don’t ask so much. Just watch.”

“The other party’s super divine… No, forget about the other party’s super divine, even the other party’s perfect divine doesn’t seem to think much of it.

It’s just some trash guarding outside the planet. In that case, let Duckie play with the other party first,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Although Duckie was only a high-level divine now, that was its own strength. Apart from itself… it still had weapons at this moment!

Duckie refined an intermediate cleansing star and turned it into the Demon Subduing Pestle, cooperating with its Vajra Demon Subduing Staff skill.

Apart from its very strong self-cleansing power, Susu also specially gave this weapon the Sea Cleansing Spirit to make it even stronger.

It was equivalent to Duckie, who was holding this weapon, inheriting several times the cleansing power of Susu. Against the Abyss Race, it was simply killing indiscriminately and could easily jump levels..