Chapter 1620 - Chapter 1620: First Clear Of Super Divine (1)

Chapter 1620: First Clear of Super Divine (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After eating the Time Fruit, Duckie’s aura rose steadily and erupted towards that of a perfect divine.

With Duckie’s strength, it clearly couldn’t stop the White Abyss Lightning Beast. However, if it and Baby Ginseng’s power fused into one, it would be a different story.

“Roar!!!” Under the eruption of the dark power on the duck’s body, the level of divine power instantly suppressed the White Abyss Lightning Beast. It even plundered the abyssal power summoned by the abyss super divine for its own use.

Bang!

The White Abyss Lightning Beast was forced back half a step by the duck’s power and revealed a dissatisfied expression.

“Useless thing.” At this moment, seeing that the White Abyss Lightning Beast was stopped by others, the transcendent divine couldn’t help but frown. In the next moment, Susu also launched a counterattack against the current situation.

“Wu ah!!!” Susu’s body kept enlarging, as if it was going all out, staring fiercely at the abyss super divine.

It opened its huge mouth and directly activated Infinite Devour!!

It actually wanted to directly devour the ten billion abyssal creatures on the arena into its body and complete the strongest combination cleansing.

Boom.

The entire starry sky was trembling. The power released by Susu’s endless devouration made Benos’s pupils shrink.

“The power of the worm.” It was incredulous, unable to understand why the cleansing star spirit had mastered the strongest skill of the Space Worm.

Under the terrifying devouring power, regardless of whether it could be digested or not, the abyss creatures that filled the sky instantly flowed into Susu’s mouth under unbelievable power. It was very difficult to resist.

“Wu wu wu wu wu.” The entire starry sky let out a gust-like cry.

If the Space Worm dared to play like this, it would definitely be instantly polluted. However, as a cleansing star spirit, Susu could swallow the enemy to cleanse and digest. Not only could it save energy, but it could also break down the devouring creature into the power it needed to use.

“Damn it, I can’t let it succeed.”

After realizing this, Benos had no choice but to subvert the starry sky and detonate the sacrifice to deepen the curse on Susu.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom!!!

Under the eruption of black fireworks that filled the sky, Susu’s body was blown into pieces, but it was also unstoppable. As it swallowed everything, it launched a counterattack against Binos. Although it didn’t want to swallow these dirty things very much, in order to win, Susu could only use all the methods it could use.

“It’s too scary.” At this moment, if it weren’t for the fact that they were certain that the Environmental Protection Army had yet to launch an all-out attack on the Dark King Army of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, the few scouts of the Environmental Protection Army would definitely think that the battle scene was in front of them.

In the starry sky, the body of the Starry Sky Slime shone and moved quickly. It turned into a cleansing source and kept attacking Benos with the enhancement of the Star Sea Contract. Wherever it passed, countless abyss creatures died.

As the battle went deeper, Susu was still at a disadvantage and had no time to care about the curse on its body. It had collapsed several times, but Benos’s situation wasn’t very good. It didn’t expect this cleansing star spirit to be so stubborn. It didn’t care about its curse at all and attacked it with all its might.

But this way, as long as it stalled for time, this cleansing star spirit would definitely lose.

As expected, as time passed, Susu’s power was still a little inferior. The curse backlash on its body kept intensifying, very affecting the speed at which it mobilized the power of the sea of stars.

“Aba Aba.” In the battleship, the gem cat and the owl hugged each other and looked at the situation outside nervously.

Damn Shi Yu! In such a situation, why was Susu still fighting alone?

Although Susu was very strong, couldn’t it send all its pets to attack together?

“Captain Shi Yu!!” In the captain’s room, Yue Ling was also anxious. “If you don’t send reinforcements, open the door and let me support.”

“This can’t go on.”

“Therefore, there’s no hurry,” Shi Yu said with a deep breath.

It could be said that not only Shi Yu, but anyone who wasn’t from the Dark King Army present also had endless expectations for Susu.

However, it was still too difficult to fight a super divine above his level without reaching the epoch god level. Moreover, it wasn’t an ordinary super divine, but a super divine that had transcended twice.

At this moment, Susu was gradually at a disadvantage, but Benos still maintained a pretty good state.

After watching for a while, Shi Yu understood that he was still in a hurry. Although the owl had predicted that today was the best time to attack, if he waited a little longer and maxed out Susu’s origin fluctuations, the battle situation might reverse.

“Captain Shi Yu!” Yue Ling said anxiously again.

“I understand,” Shi Yu said.

At that moment, not only did Shi Yu’s attitude change, but the super divine that was suppressing Susu also noticed something.

As Susu’s aura became weaker and weaker, he realized that this cleansing star spirit began to be constantly distracted, as if it was unwilling and cared very much about the direction of the battleship.

Coupled with the previous battle, the super divine quickly realized that this cleansing star spirit might be very worried about that battleship because, in the battle just now, it had deliberately stayed away from the battleship.

And now, as it was at a disadvantage, it was worried about the battleship again. There should be other personnel on this battleship, but they weren’t the main combatants.

This cleansing star spirit should be worried that it would be implicated after it lost.

At the thought of this, Benos said, “White… Forget it, I’ll do it myself.”

“Useless thing.” It couldn’t help but be unhappy when it realized that the White Abyss Lightning Beast was still fighting the explosive Pirate Duck. It still lacked powerful subordinates. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have needed to spend much effort to solve today’s battle..