Chapter 1624 - Chapter 1624: Ownership Of The Source Of Transcendence (2)

Chapter 1624: Ownership of the Source of Transcendence (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Quiet, quiet.” Shi Yu sat down and placed the meritorious Susu beside Baby Ginseng.

After Susu broke through, because of the stronger Star Sea Contract, its consumption quickly recovered, but its injuries weren’t that fast. Next, it needed the help of the ginseng baby very much. It probably needed to recuperate for a long time.

“Yi, Yi! However, Baby Ginseng pointed as it assisted, its anger burning.

Because Susu whispered seven words beside it. It directly broke Baby Ginsengs defense.

“Your super divine first clear is gone.”

Baby Ginseng was furious.

At the side, Buggy shook its head. This was the so-called version of a god.

“Firstly, let’s congratulate Susu for breaking through to the epoch god level

after this battle!!!”

After Shi Yu finished speaking with a smile, the pets were overjoyed. Susu had succeeded. This meant that this path was feasible. Before long, it would definitely be their turn!

“Epoch god!” The gem cat was also very eager. This was a legend on World King Planet.

She was indeed right about Shi Yu. He could do something that others couldn’t do so easily.

“Ah.” The owl also looked up at the sky and sighed. Before coming, Shi Yu wanted Susu to challenge the abyss super divine to try to break through. It originally felt that it was ridiculous.

But from the looks of it, he had to learn from that cat in the future and slowly accept Shi Yu’s unscientificness.

“The current problem is the source of transcendence that just popped up,” Shi

Yu said.

“Come and brainstorm. How should we arrange it?”

“Goddess Wa said that the quality of the source of transcendence that erupted from others might be a little poor. I don’t want to fuse it. How can I do it?”

“Ning! (l don’t want it either.)” Susu turned around. She couldn’t accept the source of transcendence that had fused with the abyss super divine! “Senior Lin Fengs breakthrough conditions are met, but I reckon that after hearing the disadvantages of this source of transcendence, he definitely doesn’t want it either, so 1 won’t consider him.’

[Lin Feng: ??? ]

“l wonder if I can fuse it for Beast Shi Yu, but even if I can, it’s a little of a loss. Moreover, my level is already very difficult to support higher-level Beast Shi Yu.”

After Shi Yu’s analysis, Eleven and the others shook their heads repeatedly.

Although they yearned for the super divine, Baby Ginseng, Ling, Qi, and the others didn’t plan to want it.

They had always wanted the best from Shi Yu, and they didn’t want to fuse with a low-quality source of transcendence to affect their future growth.

Most importantly, if it wanted to fuse, it had to break the contract with Shi Yu first.

Although they could contract it again when Shi Yu’s level increased in the future, the pets basically didn’t have this intention.

Unless it was a special situation, the pets didn’t want to break the contract with the Beast Tamer for the sake of strength.

Moreover, the increase in battle power brought by skills fusion, skill deduction, and other functions wasn’t necessarily inferior to a breakthrough. If If the contract was broken, one wouldn’t be able to enjoy these benefits.

Also, Susu’s path had already proven the feasibility of becoming an epoch god. Since there were other methods comparable to super divines, there was no need to pursue a low-quality source of transcendence.

“I want it, I want it!!!” At this moment, Teacher Cat spoke.

“l don’t care if the quality is low.” The cat hit the table. Didn’t Goddess Wa mean that after fusing with this source of transcendence, she might not be able to break through to the cosmic level?

Putting aside whether this saying was supported or not, whether it was a rumor…

It was just a wishing cat. How could it be so ambitious?

Super divine level was already a level it dared to imagine previously.

“Me too…”

“You don’t want to.” The gem cat reprimanded the owl and said, “I came first.”

The owl: ‘

Although the owl wanted to see the gem cat say in despair, “l was the one who…” But it also felt that it was unrealistic.

“From a scientific perspective, with Teacher Yings top-notch divine power, it can indeed refine the source of transcendence…” Ling fell silent after analyzing.

“Emmm.” Shi Yu also looked at the gem cat in silence.

“Really.”

“I’m not purely trying to break through,” the gem cat said. “You can pursue perfection, kid, but how can there be so much perfection to pursue?”

“Can you afford to wait for the transcendent origin that happens once in 100,000 years?”

“Next, let me, a teacher, give you a lesson. I want to use this source of transcendence to study and experiment. With my own experience, I’ll guide your future path!”

“Let me see if 1 can use the wish skill to raise the quality of this source of transcendence to the highest!”

Everyone:

“That works???” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Why not?” The gem cat took out a worn fruit knife from somewhere and placed it on the table.

Then, she said to the fruit knife, “I’ll make a wish. Its quality will increase.”

In the next moment, starlight circled. The worn fruit knife directly turned from an ordinary object to a Level 9 quasi-divine weapon, containing world-shaking golden light.

“Wow.” Chi Tongs eyes lit up.

Sure, sure.

“Look, it’s the same principle. At most, it’s a little difficult to make a wish with the source of transcendence, but as long as I collect enough Wish Star inheritance, it shouldn’t be a problem for me to reach the super divine level, right??”

“This way, I can also try to make a wish to increase the quality of the low-quality source of transcendence that erupts in the future.”

“In essence, all the sources of transcendence are naturally condensed from the universe at the start. It’s only after they’re fused that their quality gradually decreases. My wish only allows them to return to their original quality. This is very scientific..”