Chapter 1627 - Chapter 1627: New God Sealing (1)

Chapter 1627: New God Sealing (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios       Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yes.

In the face of Shi Yu’s question, Ling quickly replied.

“So fast,” Shi Yu sighed.

So much time had passed since their championship of the God Sealing Battle.

Without them, Zavay, Ming Gu, the son of the Demon Emperor, and the others should participate again, right?

However, although they were gone, these veteran contestants were very likely to face a new batch of monsters…

Shi Yu was amused.

“Interesting.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I reckon it’s very difficult for our battle merits to be settled before their battle ends. Let’s not wait anymore.”

“Let’s follow what God Bing Ling said first and go back to World King Planet to rest. We can see the progress of the God Sealing Battle.”

“Alright,” Ling said.

After arriving at the Void Battlefield, not long after, Shi Yu chose to leave. He returned to the World King Planet through the permanent teleportation array of the Void Battlefield.

World King Planet.

Floating Realm.

Ever since the Space Emperor advanced to super divine, the first thing he did was apply to upgrade the Floating Realm to a first-level realm.

However, the Space Emperor didn’t plan to change and expand his territory.

In this situation, if he wanted to upgrade the environment of the Floating Realm, he needed the realm lord committee to transplant the energy mineral vein and the Dragon Vein of Luck to improve the environment of the Floating Realm.

After some torment, the appearance of the Floating Realm had already improved slightly.

Apart from that, official organizations like the Starry Sky Myriad Races Committee, the World King Planet Planet Plant Association, the Space Disaster Research Institute, and the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association also settled in the Floating Realm one after another.

It could be said that the current Floating Realm also had the ability to open a second world like Blue Wave, Dong Xuan, and the Central Realm.

The Beast Tamers of the Floating Realm no longer had to run to other first-level realms to register in order to participate in the God Sealing Battle.

They could register and participate at their homes.

When the new God Sealing Battle began, apart from the Beast Tamers of the Floating Realm, a few Beast Tamers from the Dong Huang Realm would also choose to register here.

They were Emperor Dong Huang, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, Lu Qingyi, and the others.

Under normal circumstances, no matter how talented and lucky they were, it would take years for them to compete with the geniuses of the cosmic races from the backward version of Blue Planet to enter World King Planet.

However, in Emperor Shi’s time mystic realm and after plundering the Assassin Planet, these people walked out of Blue Planet under the full nurturing of more than ten super divine- level experts in the three first-level realms, a high-level planet, and improved quickly.

Compared to the outside world, it didn’t take long for him to have absolute strength to fight for supremacy in the quasi-divine domain.

Today happened to be two days before the start of the new God Sealing Battle.

After Shi Yu returned from the Void Battlefield, he arrived at the Central Realm and learned the competition time. Without a word, he directly teleported back to the Dong Huang Realm through Buggy’s magnetic skill without even using the teleportation array.

Dong Huang Realm, the glorious ancient city in the east, Dong Huang City. At this moment, there were already many people here. The streets and alleys were very lively. Brand shops from the surrounding realms had all joined.

In a high-end dessert shop by the roadside, a woman with long hair and a blue sleeveless shirt was sitting alone at the table, waiting for delicacies.

“Guest, your clear spring is flowing and the starry sky is filled with flavors.” A waiter girl in an apron served the food.

“Thank you.” Lu Qingyi looked at the drinks that emitted a clear taste and the tempting desserts and smiled. “Excuse me, can you explain these food materials and allusions to me?”

“No problem!” The green-haired waiter girl smiled and said, “This little store comes from the Blue Wave World. All the ingredients chosen here are transported from the Blue Wave World. Ahem, ahem, because of this, they’re all a little expensive, so there are a few customers, but I guarantee that it’s definitely worth it. Among them, this cup of clear spring water flows…”

In the face of the green-haired girl’s introduction, Lu Qingyi kept nodding. After the green-haired girl finished introducing with a dry mouth, she couldn’t help but ask curiously, “Guest, are you also here in the Dong Huang Realm to seek opportunities?”

The Dong Huang Realm belonged to the Blue Planet. There were many opportunities, and talents were in short supply in all walks of life. Recently, too many people had surged in here. Not to mention quasi-divines, there were many divine-levels. The waiter girl couldn’t help but ask curiously when she saw that Lu Qingyi’s aura was extraordinary and she was very beautiful.

“More or less.” Lu Qingyi took a bite of the dessert and her smile was a little sweet. As expected, after staying in the Assassin Prison for a long time, compared to the skill of cleansing killing intent and murderous aura, it was better to solve it through dessert. It was more healing to the heart.

“Sister, all the best. You’re so beautiful, you can definitely do it,” the waiter girl encouraged.

At this moment, the door of the dessert store was pushed open. The waiter girl immediately looked over and said, “Welcome, Uh…”

She was slightly stunned as she looked at the young man who entered. It was a young man in a black and white battle suit with a sleepy bear on his shoulder.

After he entered, he said, “Sorry to disturb you, I’m looking for someone.

Senior Lu, you’re here.”

“Shi, Shi, Shi…” The waiter girl hugged the tray and looked at Shi Yu in shock.

The realm lord of the Dong Huang Realm, the King of Gods, the son of the Blue Planet, the immoral Shi Yu!

It was impossible for the people who had come to the Dong Huang Realm to not know about the realm lord of the Dong Huang Realm, Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s experience was really too legendary. Just as he arrived at World King Planet, he turned the God Sealing Battle upside down.

Then, under the protection of a bunch of big shots, they killed their way into the Assassin Planet and destroyed the number one assassin organization in the universe..