Chapter 1628 - Chapter 1628: New God Sealing (2)

Chapter 1628: New God Sealing (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

It even made a saying spread on the World King Planet that it was better to provoke super divines than Shi Yu.

“Eh!!” At this moment, Lu Qingyi also turned around in surprise and looked at Shi Yu. She said in surprise, “Why are you here? You’re done cultivating?”

“Yeah.” Shi Yu walked forward and sat opposite her. He looked at the waiter and said, “Please help me get that blue drink too.”

“Yes!” The waiter girl ran back in panic, still shocked. Wait a minute, that beautiful customer actually knew the King of Gods, Shi Yu?

Moreover, what did Shi Yu call the other party just now… Senior?

What level of person was Shi Yu l s senior? She actually encouraged him just now.

Heavens, the Dong Huang Realm was indeed filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. Any random guest might have a big background.

“Senior, you’re alone? Where’s Senior Empress and the others?” Shi Yu asked.

“They’re still in the time mystic realm… They’re all a group of cultivation fanatics. They plan to come out on the last day of the God Sealing Battle registration…” Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “Because I wanted to relax, I came out first. Hehe. t

“You… feel that you will still lose to the three emperors in the God Sealing Battle,” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

“Not necessarily!” Lu Qingyi said. “I gained a lot in the Assassin Prison.”

“Are you still used to it?” Shi Yu asked with concern. It wasn’t easy to plunder that talent and skill and perfectly match, right?

“It’s alright. Actually, before Grandpa recommended me to become an archeologist, I had another dream when I was young, which was to become a handsome killer,” Lu Qingyi said seriously.

Shi Yu was confused.

He suspected that Senior was implying something about him!

He would remember this.

“It’s good that you can adapt.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched.

“I’ll stay on the World King Planet during this period of time. It depends on your performance.” Now that Susu had advanced to the epoch god level, Shi Yu planned to pull its origin fluctuations to transcendence first.

It shouldn’t take long.

At that time, with the support of the origin fluctuations, he could also quickly nurture Eleven and the others to perfect divines.

Right on the heels of that, he could consider how to help them cultivate the Super Divine Will.

“Realm lord Shi Yu, your clear spring is flowing.” Soon, the drink Shi Yu ordered was served. After Shi Yu took a sip, he nodded and said, “Not bad, it’s very delicious.”

“Really?” The waiter was pleasantly surprised.

“Of course…

“Thank you for your praise. We’ll continue to work hard.” The waiter girl was very satisfied. “By the vvay, can I treat you to this meal…”

“I’m a waiter and the owner of this store.’

“Are you sure? My dozen or so pets haven’t eaten…” Shi Yu looked at the young girl.

Of course, she looked young, but perhaps she could be his mother at this age.

No… He was already an ancient from the last era. Even World King Planet wasn’t as old as him.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Oh no, he couldn’t casually acknowledge a mother in the future.

The oldest was actually him.

“Emmm, I was just kidding. You don’t have to take it seriously, realm lord Shi Yu.” The girl fled in a sorry state.

Lu Qingyi turned around and smiled. “Eh, isn’t Teacher Ying with you?” “She,” Shi Yu said. “She went to study and refine the source of transcendence.”

“Oh…” Lu Qingyi nodded. Then, she suddenly frowned and sensed that something was wrong. “Refining the source of transcendence?”

“Well, we set off from Blue Planet a few months ago and walked around the universe. We encountered an abyss super divine and killed it. It happened to drop a source of transcendence.”

“This news will probably take a while to be sent back to World King Planet from the Void Battlefield…

“At the moment, Teacher Cat is the most suitable to fuse in the team. Well, she was already a top-notch divine previously. After this fusion, she should be a super divine.”

Lu Qingyi: “?”

“Huh?” She was stunned.

“These are all small matters. Eat first. I’ll talk to you about interesting things like Goddess Wa’s Ruins later.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Well, and although there might not be enough time, do you want Eleven and the others to help your pet undergo special training in the next two days?”

Ruins! Special training!

“Alright.”

Lu Qingyi nodded.

In the Floating Realm, Shi Yu’s super luxurious manor was even larger than the realm lord temple.

After learning that Shi Yu had returned, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng naturally came.

The two of them didn’t expect Shi Yu to return in such a short period of time.

However, when the Space Emperor and Lin Feng learned that Shi Yu had successfully hunted a super divine and even dropped the source of transcendence, they were shocked for ten thousand years.

“You, this, how is this possible?” The Space Emperor and Lin Feng couldn’t understand.

Previously, Shi Yu had just broken through and already had the strength to defeat a top-notch divine. It was already ridiculous.

Considering the enhancement of the Four Holy Ruins, it was understandable. But why could he fight a super divine head-on in such a short period of time?

“The Four Holy Ruins is exciting, and in addition, the cleansing star spirit race counters the abyss type.” Shi Yu laughed and said, “It’s not that difficult. It’s mainly because the other party underestimated the enemy.”

The two of them were silent.

“In that case, it won’t be long before you can advance to super divine??” Lin Feng said enviously.

Including the Space-time emperors and Shi Yu, this time, there were only three human super divines in the Blue Planet.

Considering that there were still three ancient emperors chasing after him, he felt a sense of danger..