Chapter 1621 - Chapter 1621: First Clear Of Super Divine (2)

Chapter 1621: First Clear of Super Divine (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“You’re worried about that battleship, right?”

At this moment, Benos had already changed several forms. Now, it had turned into the form of a huge dark squid floating in the chaotic turbid mist. Hundreds of dense eyes were incomparably terrifying. With a wave of its tentacles, several meteorites had already been blown up.

This time, it looked at the retreating Susu and didn’t choose to continue chasing. Instead, it looked at Ling and stretched out its huge tentacles, constantly spreading and enlarging as it whipped at the battleship that had been dodging the battle from the beginning to the end.

“Ning!!!! (No!)” Seeing this, Susu’s pupils constricted.

“Ning!! (You’re mine.)” It shouted anxiously and said something that Benos didn’t understand. At this moment, Susu was just about to stop Benos from attacking Ling, causing its head to be snatched away. However, the corrosion of the curse that it had never cared about previously deepened again, making Susu, the cleansing star spirit, almost fall.

This time, the huge power of the abyss corroded over, forcing Susu to quickly divert its energy to cleanse itself.

If it wasn’t cleansed immediately, even it would be infested.

At this moment, a sigh came from the battleship in the face of the attack.

It still failed.

It wasn’t that the hunt for the super divine had failed, but that Susu had failed to hunt the super divine alone.

In the captain’s room, under the anxious expression of Beast Tamer Yue Ling, a summoning array appeared beside Shi Yu. Yue Ling had never seen such a situation because the person who appeared in the summoning array was a person?

Was this a human? She couldn’t say for sure.

In any case, she only saw that, under Shi Yu’s summoning, a creature in platinum armor with a handsome face and black hair fluttered was summoned. It held the shield sword and disappeared from the captain’s room with a leap, appearing in the void.

His appearance attracted the attention of everyone.

“There’s someone else.” It attracted the attention of the Environmental Protection Army’s reconnaissance team. After seeing Susu retreat step by step, their hearts were already in their throats. They even wanted to go out to support, but their rationality made them stop their stupid actions.

With their strength, facing a super divine, they were just tempting fate.

The only thing they could look forward to was that there were other battle powers in the battleship, or that the Environmental Protection Army headquarters had sensed the situation here and sent reinforcements.

As if looking forward to the effect, Beast Shi Yu appeared. Seeing the human who appeared outside, the super divine was stunned, but he still continued to attack.

But in the next moment, a shocking scene appeared. The armored young man outside the battleship only swung his sword with pity in his eyes.

In an instant, an incomparably terrifying sword light instantly severed the super divine whiskers and streaked further away without disappearing. The White Abyss Lightning Beast in the battle with Duckie only felt a light light up in front of it. In the next moment, its body collapsed, turning into a blood mist that filled the sky and was shattered by the sword aura.

Duckie took a step back and exclaimed.

The sword light didn’t stop and was still slashing at Benos’s super divine body, making him shocked and furious. “Super divine!!!” It roared in disbelief.

Why?

Why did a super divine appear in the battleship now?

Moreover, this was definitely not a new super divine. It definitely had the strength of a transcendent 3.

It was stronger than him!

The appearance of Beast Shi Yu directly made Benos’ mentality unbalanced, and it also made the scout of the Environmental Protection Army open his mouth wide. It even shocked the extremely nervous Yue Ling. She looked at the “captain of the Era Pirate Group” , who had been calm the whole time.

At this moment, Shi Yu also stepped out of the battleship and appeared in the starry sky. He appeared on the battleship and looked in Susu’s direction. “Susu, try again next time. I’ll come back first this time. We should go.” His voice was soft as he summoned Susu.

“Ning…” However, the current Susu was extremely stubborn. After slightly cleansing the curse, its eyes were still filled with battle intent, not wanting to give up.

[I… want to defeat it.]

[I… want to obtain the Super Divine Will.]

In Susu’s gaze, the abyss super divine had already been slashed into pieces by Beast Shi Yu’s sword light. Its entire body was covered in blood, and it let out a painful wail. This was the first time the abyss super divine had suffered such a serious injury.

It was mainly because the attack just now was indeed powerful. With the support of the four holy pets, Beast Shi Yu spent a lot of power of faith and displayed a full-strength attack comparable to that of a transcendent 3.

“There’s no hurry,” Shi Yu comforted Susu.

There was still time.

[Ning. (Do you know why I’m paying special attention to you?)]

[Ning. (Because you have a very strong will. This is your talent, your shining point.)]

Susu repeated what Shi Yu had said when it contracted it. It was very indignant.

When it joined the team, it was the only pet with the will of an overlord.

However, in the team, it couldn’t defeat anyone.

Until now, it had never been fated to be the strongest in the team. Now, there was finally something that seemed to be able to use its shining point. If it still failed, Susu couldn’t accept it.

She hoped that, at least at the shining point, she could always obtain Shi Yu’s highest evaluation.

Therefore, she prayed that Shi Yu would take back Beast Shi Yu and let her and the abyss super divine carry out the final battle. She would definitely win!

“You…” Shi Yu shook his head speechlessly on the battleship. He couldn’t do anything to the stubborn Susu.

Susu, Susu, did you make a mistake?

The Super Divine Will required one to have the super will to defeat the Super Divine Will and protect the Sea of Stars, not to obtain its recognition…