Chapter 1625 - Chapter 1625: Ownership Of The Source Of Transcendence (3)

Chapter 1625: Ownership of the Source of Transcendence (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu and the others: “?”

“From a scientific perspective, it’s very scientific,” Ling said.

“Look, look! ! ”

“Why does that make sense?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“Brilliant, we have another business.” The owl looked at the cat. It finally knew why the Star Prayer Race was exterminated before the Astrologer Race was exterminated. Their ability was too shameless.

“Very good, then I’ll leave this source of transcendence to you to study,” Shi Yu said. “Teacher Cat, I’ll leave it to you.”

“Yay! ! ! ” The gem cat was extremely excited.

Sigh~Who would have thought that a super divine expert would actually appear in a small Ancient Capital University? The gem cat thought narcissistically.

At the edge of the Cosmic Sea, Void Battlefield, Environmental Protection Army encampment.

The Environmental Protection Army was the general name of the Cosmic Sea Army that fought against the pollution land. Most of the members came from the various planets’ Environmental Protection Associations. Even the temporary soldiers from various planets and the various domains of the World King Planet were also called the Environmental Protection Army.

Of course, apart from the Environmental Protection Army, there were also many mercenaries. The number of mercenaries from the cosmic overlord army was the highest.

At this moment, an aircraft that had gone to the Scarlet Blue Star Domain to investigate quickly returned to the Environmental Protection Army. This was the first to return from the reconnaissance team sent by the Environmental Protection Army.

“Emergency information.” Just as this reconnaissance team approached the

Void Battlefield, they were connected to the internal network of the

Environmental Protection Army. After both parties confirmed their identities, they quickly communicated.

In the Environmental Protection Army’s intelligence center, a white-haired and white-eyed woman immediately said, “Please go ahead.”

“In the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, the super divine life form of the Abyss Race, Benos, has already fallen.”

“A cosmic pirate named the Era Pirate Group invaded Benos’s headquarters.

Both parties fought fiercely, and soon, Benos was destroyed!”

Intelligence personnel: “?”

“What???”

The staff member who was waiting for information suddenly widened her eyes. As she exclaimed, many intelligence personnel joined in the communication with the reconnaissance team and eavesdropped together.

“Video!”

The staff’s breathing immediately quickened. Although she felt that this team seemed to have been corroded by the abyss and was talking nonsense, the process still had to be carried out.

“It’s already been transmitted, hasn’t it been transmitted yet?”

“Yes.” Just as the other party finished speaking, a bunch of staff from the intelligence center began to differentiate the authenticity of the video sent by the other party.

The video was very blurry, and the recording was also intermittent. Many key scenes were missing. From the looks of it, they were very miserable on the battlefield. However, one could vaguely see a slime the color of the starry sky fighting the abyss super divine, Benos.

The staff immediately connected to the database and analyzed the identity of this so-called Era Pirate Group. With this analysis, everyone’s pupils constricted.

“No, bad news.” At this moment, a panicked voice came from the reconnaissance team. “This pirate crew appeared behind us…”

“They… followed!”

“Calm down first!” The staff member didn’t believe it herself and said, “This pirate crew might not be the enemy. According to the identity analysis, the life form that fought Benos is very likely to be second place in the last World King Planet’s God Sealing Battle, the vice president of the Blue Wave Branch of the World King Planet’s Environmental Protection Association, cleansing star spirit Susu.”

“And the last human to appear is this batch’s King of Gods, its Beast Tamer, shi Yu. t

After the staff finished speaking, she felt that it was ridiculous. The other party also fell silent.

Everyone found it unbelievable.

But according to the scene transmitted, this seemed to be true.

“Inform Lord Bing Ling…”

As they muttered, in the deepest part of the Void Battlefield, in a prep room, the vice president or the Environmental protection Association, Bing Ling, and the president of the Environmental Protection Association, Bing Ling, stopped meditating at the same time.

The names of the president and vice president of the Environmental Protection Association were both called Bing Ling. Both parties had a contractual relationship. Among them, the vice president was a human, and the president was an ice-element Cleansing Star Spirit Race. They had both reached the super divine level.

The human Bing Ling looked like a mature older sister with a cold aura. As for the Cleansing Star Spirit Race Bing Ling, it looked like an ice maiden made of ice crystals. Both parties were telepathically connected. Many higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Army basically regarded them as one person.

At this moment, after the human Bing Ling received the news of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, her expression was incredulous.

“When did he run to the Contaminated Land?” Bing Lings tone was shocked.

“Moreover, it actually… This is impossible.”

Perhaps no one in the Environmental Protection Association was more familiar with Shi Yu and Susu than Bing Ling. Ever since Shi Yu joined the

Environmental Protection Association, she had been paying attention to Shi Yu’s growth.

Shi Yu had displayed shocking potential. Bing Ling had been looking forward to Susu growing to the divine level. Just a while ago, Shi Yu had successfully broken through to the divine level. This also meant that Susu had definitely broken through too.

At this moment, Bing Ling was originally prepared to personally nurture Shi Yu and Susu, but unfortunately, the battle ahead was suddenly urgent, forcing her to come to the Void Battlefield to preside over it.

However, no matter how Bing Ling thought about it, she didn’t expect that while she was presiding over the Void Battlefield, Shi Yu and Susu would actually head to the Contaminated Land without anyone noticing. They came to the headquarters of an abyss super divine and destroyed this abyss super divine.

“The fifth stage of the Starry Sky Contract…” When the human Bing Ling was shocked, the Ioli Bing Lings gaze was calm, but her tone wasn’t calm.

“It’s already the epoch god. Benos won’t be their match..”