Chapter 1629 - Chapter 1629: New God Sealing (3)

Chapter 1629: New God Sealing (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

He was now at the peak of the divine level. At that time, Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor would have their own opportunities to advance, but he had yet to advance!

That would be a tragedy.

“No, I didn’t choose to fuse it myself. Instead, I gave the source of transcendence to Teacher Ying.” Emperor Kong and Lin Feng: ???

What?

Wasn’t this crazy…

No, considering that the cat had the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race now, it wasn’t a waste.

“The reason why I did this is because I saw Goddess Wa’s clone and obtained some things from her to break through to the cosmic level.” Shi Yu was right on the heels of that and said something that shocked the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu told them about his encounter with Goddess Wa in the ruins of Earth.

After hearing that Goddess Wa had the strength of a peak super divine and said that there might be no hope for the cosmic level of the source of transcendence that had been fused by others, the Space Emperor directly couldn’t hold it in anymore.

“Low quality… This.”

“It’s alright… I like it when others use it. I originally had no hope of reaching the cosmos level. After all, too many monsters hundreds or thousands of times more talented than me have fallen on this path.” He forcefully comforted himself.

“Hahaha, you like things that have been used by others. What’s the difference between you and that Wang thief… Wait a minute, you’re Wang Kong. That’s fine,” Lin Feng said.

“Get lost!” The Space Emperor was furious.

“l think Senior Lin Feng definitely despises the low quality source of transcendence, so he let Teacher Ying study it first. After experimenting, her wish power seems to have the ability to increase the quality of the source of transcendence.’

“Now, because she fused with the third Wish Star inheritance, she has top-notch divine power and is also qualified to refine the source of transcendence.’

“Perhaps after reaching her peak, she can also help others make up for their incomplete foundation.”

Lin Feng cried. Firstly, he had never said that he despised low-quality source of transcendence.

However, when they heard Shi Yu say that the Star Prayer Race might be able to increase the quality of the source of transcendence, their eyes couldn’t help but light up.

In fact, even Shi Yu himself didn’t expect the Star Prayer Race to have this power. The source of transcendence was naturally condensed by the universe. The power of the Star Prayer Race relied on praying to the cosmic stars to obtain power of faith. In essence, it seemed to be really from the same source.

Even Susu couldn’t do this. Its source of transcendence fluctuations couldn’t let the source of transcendence return to its original appearance. Perhaps this was the incompatibility of the power system.

In short, it wasn’t a loss to give it to the cat. It wasn’t a waste.

“So your next idea is to continue to the territory of the cosmic overlord army and help her find the Wish Star inheritance, right?” the Space Emperor said.

“That’s right. Goddess Wa seems to be old friends with the cosmic overlord. This way, it’s much safer to go to the territory of the cosmic overlord army.” Shi Yu nodded.

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng looked at each other. They kept feeling that even after coming to the starry sky for hundreds of years, their lives weren’t as exciting as Shi Yu’s year.

“By the way, where’s Senior Emperor Shi?” Shi Yu asked.

“Emperor Shi… I wonder where he went.”

“Let’s pay attention to the God Sealing Battle first,” the Space Emperor said. “l wonder how far Senior Emperor Wu and the others have reached.”

Lin Feng said, “l feel that it can definitely be done. I don’t understand Emperor Wu and the others, but the little fish, who hasn’t entered the time mystic realm, has been by my side for not too long. It has reached the level of ten thousand years before the God-sealing Battle after spending such a short time with me. Senior Emperor Wu and the others are definitely not bad.”

Little Fish… Fish Convergence… Tyrannical Sea Legend! It should be

Tyrannical Sea Legendary now.

“There’s definitely some in the top 10. After all, they’re equivalent to 10 years of bitter cultivation in the time mystic realm! ! ”

“Let’s wait and see. The top 10 should still be stable.” Shi Yu smiled. At least, he already knew part of Senior Lu’s strength.

Apart from Zavay, Ming Gu, and the others, there shouldn’t be many who could pose a threat to them.

Soon.

As the registration for the God Sealing Battle was about to end, Emperor Wu and the others also broke out of seclusion. They first went to register before being called over by Shi Yu to stay.

At night, Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, the Dragon God, Lu Qingyi, Shi Yu, and the others gathered and had a barbecue gathering.

Compared to the previous batch, many more people signed up for this God Sealing Battle. The number of registrations exceeded 10 million.

Perhaps it was because the last God Sealing Battle was too lively, making a bunch of quasi divines’ hearts itch, so they chose to go out and participate. “My opponent’s historical ranking isn’t very high,” the Dragon God said.

This year, she also chose to participate.

The rise of the Blue Planet bloodline allowed her to obtain more cultivation resources.

Although her strength progress might not be inferior to the Empress and the others, she wouldn’t fall behind too much.

“Same,” the Dragon Emperor said. “Ah Tian, do you want to compete to see whose final ranking is higher?”

The Dragon God was speechless. “Boring.”

“It’s indeed boring!” Lu Qingyi said. This was it. The Dragon Emperor had revived. Lu Qingyi, who had eaten a lot of gossip previously, originally thought that he and the Dragon God could make any progress, but in the end, this was it.

She sighed slightly at the side.

As the first round of matches that night was announced, Shi Yu and the others gathered and communicated with each other.

“Are they all so ‘lucky?” Emperor Wu said. “My opponents are also very weak.”

“Mine too.” Empress Huang Xi looked at her matching results and shook her head.

Her opponent was also a guy millions away.

“Wow.” However, Chi Tong cried out in shock from behind the Empress.

“Their opponent’s ranking isn’t high because it’s really not high. Yours is different,” Chi Tong said. “The son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang. His father is a super divine-level expert. He was eliminated in the second round last year because he encountered me..”