Chapter 1623 - Chapter 1623: Ownership Of The Source Of Transcendence (1)

Chapter 1623: Ownership of the Source of Transcendence (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The starry sky was silent as the battleship slowly drove towards Shi Yu.

Shi Yu put away the source of transcendence first and waited for the distribution.

Now, in the accompanying team, there were neither too many nor too few who could use the source of transcendence.

He had to reach the peak of the divine level to refine the source of transcendence.

The standard of a human Beast Tamer was at the tenth level of the divine level.

The standard of a pet was a top-notch divine power level, which was also a top-notch divine.

At the moment, he, the gem cat, and the owl had reached this standard.

Of course, there was also Qi, Ling, Baby Ginseng, and Susu, but the premise was to break the contract first.

There was another way, which was to send it to Dong Huang to help Lin Feng.

As for how to do it, Shi Yu still needed to consider it. After all, Goddess Wa had said that this source of transcendence wasn’t perfect.

“Damn, why are you running so quickly?”

At this moment, Shi Yu, who had put away the source of transcendence, looked in a certain direction.

Not long after the battle began, Ling sensed that someone was secretly observing the battle.

After Ling investigated, it realized that it might be a member of the Environmental Protection Army.

Shi Yu originally wanted to call them over to clean up the battlefield after the battle.

Then, they would take Yue Ling away from the ship.

In the end, just as this battle ended, these guys ran away?

He had defeated a great demon king like the abyss super divine. A heroic figure shouldn’t be so scary, right?

Shi Yu looked at the dense pirate flags on the battleship in silence. “Forget it, let’s leave this place first and return to the Cosmic Sea with them.” “As for this place…” Shi Yu looked at Susu and said, “Are you alright?”

“Ning!” In the starry sky, Susu nodded. Then, with the power of the Star Sea Contract, it separated into countless cleansing clones and flew to various planets.

As for its main body, it entered the battleship with Shi Yu.

At this moment, Ling already had the strength of an epoch god. The threshold of the epoch god’s strength was equivalent to a super divine that exceeded transcendent 1.

However, Susu’s situation was a little biased.

It was an epoch god that had relied on the Star Sea Contract to reach it. The Star Sea Contract could only be used on polluted races under the Dark King, such as the Yun Race, the Qi Race, the Abyss Race, the Flame Race, and the Disaster Race. Therefore, its strength level was even more fluctuating than that of other epoch gods.

If it faced these races, Susu could fight them even if it exceeded transcendent 1 to 3•

However, if it encountered other normal races, Susu, who didn’t have the Star Sea Contract, would still lose even if it faced transcendent 1.

Of course, if Susu ignored the backlash of the Star Sea Contract and forcefully mobilized the power of the Sea of Stars, that would be a different story.

In fact, this was nothing because Shi Yu and the others realized that the so-called contract backlash was nothing more than losing level proficiency… At most, it would drop a little quickly, but it didn’t matter.

Although the skill level had fallen, it was equivalent to forgetting this skill and breaking the contract, Susu, who had skill points, was completely different from other cleansing star spirits.

Other cleansing star spirits might cower because it would take a long, long time to increase a little skill proficiency, but Susu… actually didn’t need to care much.

Now that it had the Super Divine Will, it was easier to add points. If necessary, so be it. So be it. At most, it would add points again.

In addition, Shi Yu felt that susu’s biased situation wouldn’t be long.

After obtaining the Super Divine Will, it meant that her other skills could also successfully be added to the transcendent level and above.

Soon, she should be able to become a very comprehensive epoch god of the skill type.

Now, there was no doubt that the one with the strongest individual battle power in the team was Susu.

“Hehe.” Shi Yu held Susu in his hand and pinched it as he returned to the battleship.

“Everyone, gather in the conference room.”

Shi Yu called out. Soon, everyone ran to the conference room.

In the captain’s room, Ling turned into a figure and looked at Yue Ling, who was limp in the corner, speechless.

Seriously, this small scene was already scary.

“Alright, if everything goes smoothly, the Scarlet Blue Star Domain should be liberated. Go back to your room and rest first. Now’s not the time for you to go back. We’ll enter the Cosmic Sea from here and see if we can hand you over to the Environmental Protection Army.”

“Well, you don’t have to worry about your mother planet. Its clone has already gone everywhere to cleanse. There won’t be any abyss remnants left.”

After saying that, Ling teleported the hesitant Yue Ling back to her room, while Ling herself headed to the conference room.

“l did it!”

“Again!’

“Yay!”

The gem cat and the owl hugged and celebrated in the conference room.

It was unexpected.

A trash transcendent 2 could also drop a source of transcendence.

As expected, their combination with Ling was super invincible.

“Perhaps we can start a business in the future, super divine prayer!’

“There will definitely be many powerful, divine-level people who place the order. I’ve thought about it. For every prayer, I want 648 divine-level energy crystals,” the gem cat said.

“Too little, too little. At least ten sets of 648,” the owl said. “This is the source of transcendence.’

“Don’t look at how smooth our support for Shi Yu is. That’s because ‘the more likely something happens’, the smaller the consumption. Shi Yu’s luck was originally good, so our consumption wasn’t high. But if it were anyone else, that might not be the case. We’ll probably be half dead from the backlash.”

“Then ten sets!”

The two cats openly communicated about killing people..