Chapter 1626 - Chapter 1626: Ownership Of The Source Of Transcendence (4)

Chapter 1626: Ownership of the Source of Transcendence (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“But.” The human Bing Ling still couldn’t understand why Susu, who was still a demigod a year ago, had already reached the peak of the divine level a year later, the epoch god.

Epoch god… wasn’t that easy to reach.

They were all a group of monsters.

Even the strongest cleansing star spirit now, the person beside her, was only a perfect divine when it broke through back then.

Although Benos was a weaker existence among the 10 super divines, it was still at transcendent 2. Shi Yu and Susu’s growth   speed was a little too terrifying.

Was Blue Planet going to have a new 12th and 13th super divine?

“Also, what the video didn’t record is that in a certain direction, a sword light seems to have heavily injured Benos. Who is it? Who’s the human following beside Shi Yu? Who released the sword aura? That person?”

“Let’s not care so much first. There’s a change in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. We have to start moving too,” the Ioli Bing Ling said.

“But before that, let’s meet this Shi Yu.’

The attention of the 10 super divines of the Dark King Army was all on the Environmental Protection Army in the Void Battlefield. It was probably impossible for them to imagine that someone would ambush from the back and easily destroy a super divine.

“Why are you guys running so quickly?” At the same time, Shi Yu and the others also stopped the reconnaissance team.

The four guys of the reconnaissance team were forced to leave the aircraft and fly in the starry sky. They looked at Shi Yu standing on the battleship in a daze.

There were two young men in cleansing clothes, a man and a woman, and two pets. One was a plant life form, the Heart Cleansing Lotus Demon, and the other was an abyss life form, the Dark Abyss Jellyfish.

Although they had never paid attention to the God Sealing Battle on the World King Planet all these years, they also knew about the God Sealing Battle.

The information center of the Environmental Protection Army told them… that the owner of this pirate crew was a Beast Tamer from the World King Planet? The vice president of the Environmental Protection Association branch? One of their own? Moreover, he was the winner of the God Sealing Battle?

Most importantly, he was from the previous batch?

What a joke. In the previous batch, didn’t that mean that these people were only quasi-divine a year ago? What kind of person could go from quasi-divine to super divine battle power in a year?

“Sir… are you the King of Gods, Shi Yu?” One of the short-haired young men in a cleansing suit stuttered as he asked Shi Yu.

“Eh, don’t you recognize me? Then why are you running?” Shi Yu said.

The young man smiled bitterly and said, “l just contacted the Environmental

Protection Army headquarters and recognized Sir Shi Yu…”

“In short, the Void Battlefield is nearby, right?” Shi Yu looked ahead and said,

“Just nice, help me with something.”

“l just recruited a newbie for the Environmental Protection Army. Help me go through the procedures.”

“By the way, the other party previously worked in the Abyss Army…”

The two of them: ???

“But there’s no need to worry about his identity. I can help guarantee that the other party is a descendant of the royal family of Divine Planet. After his mother planet was invaded, he was lucky enough to escape. Then, in order to take revenge, he joined the Abyss Army and searched for an opportunity.”

“No problem…” The woman in the cleansing suit nodded. If Shi Yu vouched for her, there shouldn’t be a problem, right?

At this moment, under Shi Yu’s call, Ling also teleported Yue Ling out. At this moment, when it saw the Environmental Protection Army personnel in cleansing clothes, Yue Ling was slightly stunned.

“Little girl, they’re from the Environmental Protection Army. Didn’t you say previously that you wanted to join the Environmental Protection Army? I’ll get them to bring you to do the procedures.”

“This…” Yue Ling was completely stunned. She didn’t understand why a big pirate like Shi Yu knew the Environmental Protection Army.

“Huh?” At this moment, after Shi Yu arranged Yue Lings matter, he suddenly looked at a certain place in the starry sky.

As a spatial crack appeared, two figures stepped on the frost in the air and walked over step by step, descending in front of Shi Yu and the others.

Seeing these two people, the reconnaissance team was stunned. Then, they immediately said, “Lord Bing Ling!’

“Bing Ling…” Shi Yu looked at the two people who were like sisters, emitting a powerful super divine aura. He also took a deep breath and understood the other party’s identity.

They were the Bing Ling Gods.

He didn’t expect to see them on such an occasion.

Sigh… He originally wanted to cozy up to someone powerful, but in the blink of an eye, he was a powerful figure. He was so helpless~

Of course, the Bing Ling of the Environmental Protection Association was still strong. One person might not be strong, but with the combination of both parties, they basically had strength close to the peak of the super divine level.

“Shi Yu, we finally meet.” The human Bing Ling looked at Shi Yu and said, “Did you kill Benos?”

She wanted to confirm again.

“Yes, I’ve already killed it. I’ve also eliminated most of the abyssal power in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.’

“Alright, I’ll help you count this battle merit. The situation is tense now. 1 only have one last question.”

“Can you still fight?”

Seeing Shi Yu’s powerful strength, Bing Ling wanted to invite Shi Yu to participate in the next battle.

However, Shi Yu shook his head and said, “Not in the short term. Susu is injured and needs to recuperate.”

As for Beast Shi Yu… Shi Yu didn’t want to spend the power of faith to fight. Even if he had battle merits, it was too much of a loss.

To be honest… there wasn’t much strength left in the Four Holy Ruins. He had to use it sparingly.

It was really as Susu said. If this thing was in their hands… it would disappear very quickly.

The human Bing Ling nodded slightly and said, “Alright, in the Void

Battlefield, there’s a permanent teleportation array of the World King Planet. You guys should return to the World King Planet to rest well first. When we return, we’ll talk about other things related to the cleansing star spirit.”

“Little brats, you’re not bad. After this battle, I’ll personally give you a gift.” At this moment, the Ioli Bing Ling, the president of the Environmental Protection Association, also said in admiration.

At this moment, Yue Ling was still looking at them in shock. In her impression, these two people seemed to be the supreme commanders of the Environmental Protection Army…

Therefore, who exactly was Shi Yu?

*•

Next, Shi Yu wasn’t prepared to continue fighting anyway. He was too tired. He planned to exchange for the battle merits promised by Bing Ling first. With the help of Bing Ling, they directly arrived at the Environmental Protection Army headquarters of the Void Battlefield.

However, just as he stepped in, Shi Yu calculated the time and suddenly realized something.

“Ling, is the new God Sealing Battle on the World King Planet about to begin? I wonder how Sister Empress, Senior Lu, and the others are cultivating in the time mystic realm created by Emperor Shi.”