Chapter 1622 - Chapter 1622: First Clear Of Super Divine (3)

Chapter 1622: First Clear of Super Divine (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

However, Shi Yu didn’t expect that unknowingly, his position in susu’s heart might even be more important than guarding the Sea of Stars.

Forget it…

“Alright then, but this time, I’ll fight side by side with you,” Shi Yu said. He summoned Beast Shi Yu back and retreated behind him.

At the same time, the phantoms of the heavens that were equivalent to the peak of the divine level appeared behind Shi Yu. Substantial blue mental fluctuations spread throughout Shi Yu’s body, filling him with holy light…

“This can at least be done, right? Susu, let’s enter the Psychic Resonance state.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Susu, who was in the distance, was very pleasantly surprised. It nodded heavily, and its entire body also emitted a blue holy light. It was strengthened by Shi Yu, who was at the peak of the divine level.

At this moment, the power on its body directly surged continuously, attracting Benos’s attention.

“Damn it…” Under the recovery of the abyss super divine, Benos looked crazily at the two new figures that appeared in the direction of the battleship and also at the cleansing star spirit that seemed to have been reborn.

“l want to defeat you.”

“In order to not disappoint the Beast Tamer’s trust.” Susu floated up again.

Moreover, what made Susu feel a little incredulous was that after entering the Psychic Resonance state with Shi Yu, its Star Sea Contract level and its will level had loosened.

“This is…” Shi Yu was also slightly stunned as he sensed the change in Susu.

Although he didn’t know the principle, Shi Yu was pleasantly surprised to feel that Susu had improved.

“Susu, let’s defeat it together. The chances are very high this time. Let’s do our best! ”

“Ning! Susu’s eyes were firm. At this moment, the level of its will finally underwent an extreme sublimation. From the previous overlord will to the

Super Divine Will, an invisible and invincible Super Divine Heart similar to the Heart of God condensed in Susu’s body.

Under the lead of the Super Divine Will, Susu’s Star Sea Contract directly broke through the original restrictions and finally reached transcendence.

In an instant, Susu felt that an incomparably vast starry sky world appeared in front of it. It could mobilize its power as much as it wanted.

“What happened?”

At this moment, the abyss super divine, Benos, was also very confused. He felt that something seemed to have changed in this cleansing star spirit.

Was it because of the enhancement of the Beast Tamer?

He never expected such a strong cleansing star spirit and Beast Tamer. If there was, why didn’t he come out earlier?

At this moment, he found it difficult to understand. But no matter what, the battle couldn’t continue.

This battlefield had to be abandoned.

That human holding the shield sword was too terrifying.

At the thought of this, most of its battle intent had already disappeared. It turned around and ran, planning to meet the other super divine alliances first.

However, Susu’s shocking strength could finally be displayed at this moment. After having the transcendent-level Star Sea Contract, its strength level finally increased to the super divine level!

Moreover, there was a full-strength increase from the Beast Tamer at this moment!

“Clear.” With a thought, a terrifying cleansing light pierced through the abyssal shadow of the entire Scarlet Blue Star Domain, making the pupils of Benos, who wanted to retreat, shrink. He suddenly turned around.

“No, impossible.”

Under its shocked cry, its body, which had already been heavily injured by Beast Shi Yu, suffered another destructive cleansing.

Under the wail of the abyss super divine, its body disappeared bit by bit under the cleansing light.

Under the shocked and stunned gaze of the Environmental Protection Association’s scout, the power of the abyss super divine, Benos, also dissipated bit by bit.

The entire Scarlet Blue Star Domain seemed to be enveloped in endless cleansing light at this moment, and countless abyssal lands were cleansed.

Seeing this scene, Yue Ling, the gem cat, and the owl were stunned.

“He really did it… He.” Yue Ling found it unbelievable.

Were they really pirates??

“Did you see it, did you see it?” On the other side, the gem cat kept pushing the owl.

“l saw it. Susu and Shi Yu are so cool!” the owl shouted.

“I’m f*cking asking if you saw the source of transcendence. Predict it for me!” The gem cat wanted to beat this silly bird up.

“I’m making a wish for the source of transcendence to appear!” the cat immediately said.

Only then did the owl react. It suddenly recalled the mission Shi Yu had arranged for them.

F*ck, I almost forgot.

The owl didn’t expect the source of transcendence to appear this time.

However, it didn’t affect anything.

Since fate had decided that it couldn’t be used, it would use something else.

“Fate hasn’t been decided!!!” Its eyes spun as time flew, trying to affect fate.

At the same time, in the starry sky outside.

“Ah!!!” Under the wail of the abyss super divine, its body disappeared bit by bit. As the Star Sea Contract reached transcendence, Susu could be considered to have come to the same level as the abyss super divine. At the same level, when the cleansing star spirit faced the Abyss Race, it was a fatal blow.

Under endless wails, the abyss super divine body finally disappeared completely.

In its place was a sun-like source of transcendence floating in the starry sky.

Seeing this scene, the scouts of the Environmental Protection Army swallowed their saliva crazily, their eyes filled with shock.

Therefore, what was going on? Before their Environmental Protection Army could attack, an important fortress of the Dark King Army was… destroyed Just like

Now, they really wanted to send this news back. It would definitely shock the entire Environmental Protection Army.

However, at this moment, what made them feel the most ridiculous was the source of transcendence and… the person who was about to obtain it.

Who exactly was this guy?

Why had they never heard of the Era Pirate Group?

Under their gazes.

Shi Yu held the black law code in his hand and walked towards the weak Susu under the protection of Beast Shi Yu. “You’ve done very well.” “Ning! Susu was extremely happy.

This way, she should be the strongest in the team now…

However, when she saw the figure of Beast Shi Yu, Susu’s expression instantly darkened. Ning… She almost forgot about this guy. Damn it.

Shi Yu also smiled and said, “But here’s the problem. Everyone is happy.. Then how should we arrange this source of transcendence?”