Chapter 1638 - Chapter 1638: Skill Of Blue Planet’S Will (2)

Chapter 1638: Skill of Blue Planet’s Will (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Realm lord Shi Yu, your lucky star and pseudo source of transcendence are ready. We expect to reach the Dong Huang Realm in a day. Are you in your own realm?”

“Are we leaving now?” Shi Yu held the token in front of his face with two fingers on his right hand and squatted on a tall building to look at it.

“Not yet. The resources are still in World King City.”

“There’s no need to send it. Give me a spot. I’ll go get it myself. At the moment,

I’m also in World King City,” Shi Yu said.

The other party was clearly surprised before telling Shi Yu a location.

Soon, Shi Yu obtained the resources exchanged for the battle merits he had accumulated in the Contaminated Land.

Among them, the most important star of luck was stored in a transparent bottle that was like the starry sky. It was the only star floating inside. Obviously, the way the World King Planet stored stars was different from that of the cosmic overlord army.

This star was golden. Shi Yu sensed it and discovered that although the planet was lifeless, there were several Dragon Veins of Luck inside. The most powerful Dragon Vein of Luck was very high-level and didn’t have a physical body. If Shi Yu hadn’t contracted Ling, he wouldn’t have been able to sense it.

Shi Yu could confirm that most of the Dragon Veins of Luck in first-level realms on World King Planet weren’t as strong as this lucky star’s Dragon Vein of Luck.

Of course, Shi Yu only took a look before throwing the star bottle to Ling. He planned to let it find an opportunity to refine it after returning to Blue Planet.

Then, Shi Yu planned to search for prey in World King City. There were a bunch of good skills here, but he couldn’t replicate all of them. He needed to choose according to the current situation. The difficulty of choosing really relapsed.

During the search, Shi Yu didn’t forget to watch the God Sealing Battle.

It had to be said that the three emperors were too strong now. Their strength should only be one level inferior to that of Shi Yu back then. They had completely reached the level of Zavay and Ming Gu.

Apart from that, it was Senior Lu.

Apart from the three emperors, Senior Lu could be said to be the greatest dark horse in this year’s God Sealing Battle. Her limelight was close to the three emperors.

She had more skills than pets. With the support of various skills, she could only last a few minutes when she encountered the top 50 of the previous batch.

He also obtained the terrifying nickname “Black-Clothed Lu” because his

battle style was special and his attacks were too dark. Moreover, he was wearing a black trench coat… This nickname made Senior Lu want to kill the people who called him names randomly.

Blue Planet, Inatella.

At this moment, the gem cat girl was still refining the source of transcendence under the protection of the Blue Planet’s Will.

Advancing on its mother planet, be it for itself or its mother planet, had a certain number of benefits.

A planet was equivalent to a Beast Tamer, and the lives inside were equivalent to pets. When the gem cat advanced to super divine, Blue Planet would also receive a lot of feedback.

Therefore, the gem cat decisively chose to return to Blue Planet to break through.

“Things change.” At that moment, the World Tree clone standing at the top of the mountain looked at the gem cat girl and shook its head.

If it were a few months ago, it wouldn’t believe that this cat would be the next to advance to super divine.

The cat was clearly still a hooligan previously, but now, its status had leaped to the same level as Blue Planet. This was too strange.

At this moment, the Blue Planet’s Will and the World Tree also knew Shi Yu, the gem cat, and the others’ gains from this trip to the Contaminated Land…

Just one word. Ridiculous.

“Lord Mother Goddess, I knew it. Shi Yu and the others are fine. This is too awesome!” the World Tree muttered.

He went out and obtained a super divine. Wasn’t this awesome? At this moment, a blue figure appeared beside her, scaring it.

“Mother Goddess??”

Blue Planet’s Will appeared and looked at the World Tree clone. “Inform Shi Yu and the others.’

“Blue Planet has been targeted. A super divine expert with extraordinary strength is approaching Blue Planet. His strength is conservatively estimated to be above the transcendent 4. From the power source, it’s suspected to be from the same source as the Abyss Race.”

“Perhaps it’s because Shi Yu set off from Blue Planet and even destroyed an abyss super divine, causing Blue Planet to be discovered by the Dark King

Army.”

World Tree clone: ???

“What!!” It was shocked and wanted to take back its words. Shi Yu was awesome, but why did he provoke the enemy to its house?

This awesome direction was a little wrong.

It couldn’t help but look like it was about to cry. It quickly contacted Shi Yu, the Space Emperor, and the others far away on World King Planet.

At this moment, Blue Planet’s Will also left Blue Planet and flew in the starry sky, staring into the distance.

Soon after.

In the distant starry sky, a super divine Flame Race member flying in the universe suddenly swayed, as if it had encountered a terrifying guy. It turned and left.

“Something happened to Blue Planet.”

At this moment, before the God Sealing Battle ended, Dong Huang and the other three had already displayed their aptitude in the top ten. However, at this moment, a message from Blue Planet made Shi Yu suddenly put down what he was doing and go to Blue Planet with the Space Emperor.

Blue Planet, Inatella.

After Shi Yu and the Space Emperor returned through the permanent teleportation array, the World Tree heaved a sigh of relief when it saw Shi Yu and the Space Emperor return.

“What happened to summon us in such a hurry?”

Shi Yu and the Space Emperor sensed it but didn’t sense anything unusual about the current Blue Planet.

“Mother Goddess sensed that she had been locked onto by a super divine level life form. Moreover, the other party’s aura seems to be from the Abyss Race.”

The World Tree said, “Now, it shouldn’t be close to Blue Planet yet, but soon. The other party is very strong, suspected to be above the transcendent 4.” “Did you call Emperor Shi?” Shi Yu said.

Although Emperor Shi had disappeared again, before he left, he left behind many mysterious rocks, saying that if there was an emergency and he crushed the rocks, he could immediately rush back..