Chapter 1636 - Chapter 1636: Fan Behavior, Zavay Paid The Money (1)

Chapter 1636: Fan Behavior, Zavay Paid the Money (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Sigh, I wonder if it’s luck or bad luck,” Shi Yu said. “Speaking of which,

100,000 years isn’t too long for the five divine races. Have the five divine races never participated in the competition for the source of transcendence?”

“A human who cultivated to the 11th heavenly layer hasn’t participated before?”

The five super divine ancestors looked at each other with awkward expressions.

What a joke. At that time, it was the super divine Asura, the super divine meat grinder. Although it was mainly a divine-level competition for the source of transcendence, at least ten super divines would die every time. How could they dare?

The super divines who died… were basically the guardians of those divine-level geniuses. The five of them clearly wouldn’t sacrifice themselves for the path of the geniuses in their race.

Every time the source of transcendence was born, the five divine races would immediately enter seclusion to seal the world.

It could be said that every 100,000 years, the super divine factions would reshuffle.

Shi Yu looked at their expressions and knew that it was a wasted question.

As expected, this kind of thing still had to be asked by a super divine like Goddess Wa who had been in the universe for a long time.

“Shi Yu, is there any special change in the eleventh level?” Lin Feng asked curiously. He was now at the tenth level. He didn’t know if there was any hope of reaching the eleventh level like Shi Yu. He felt that Shi Yu was so cool.

“Hmm, changes? I don’t think so? It’s just the enhancement that can be obtained from a normal breakthrough,” Shi Yu said.

“So lackluster?” Lin Feng was stunned.

“It’s not exactly lackluster.” Shi Yu smiled. He felt that with his enhancement, Eleven and the others, who were high-level divines and didn’t add much points, could fight a perfect divine. This was the power of Beast Taming levels increasing and Beast Tamers and pets cooperating.

Shi Yu looked at everyone.

“Seniors, now isn’t the time to stay with me, right? Isn’t the commotion very big this time… Don’t you need to help eliminate the impact…”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the super divines fell silent.

“It’s good that you’re fine.” Emperor Wu was also stunned and shook his head. Alright, alright, he felt a difference in his heart when he saw Shi Yu. It was better to concentrate on the God Sealing Battle.

Two days after Shi Yu broke through to the 11th heavenly layer, Shi Yu finally recovered.

On this day, the Prediction Owl finally sent Shi Yu some useful news.

“Shi Yu, through the channels of the Astrologer Race, I’ve already asked about what needs to be asked for you.”

Teacher Tu Na flew over to the “Lightning Avoidance Mystic Realm” that Shi Yu had already rebuilt. She landed on the ground and looked at Shi Yu, who was lazing around.

“What?” Shi Yu’s center of gravity tilted. He stood up and said, “Let’s talk about whether it’s a good thing or a bad thing first.”

“A good thing,” the owl said. “Apart from premonition, my brother also visited an ancient race. This race was on good terms with the Astrologer Race a long time ago and obtained some inside information from them. Of course, my brother didn’t mention anything about you.”

“Okay.” Shi Yu nodded.

“In the universe, there are indeed a portion of human geniuses who broke through the restrictions of the tenth level of the divine level and reached the eleventh level. There are even some terrifying guys who have reached the eleventh level.’

“These people all have one specific thing: their pets have reached the epoch god level.”

“An epoch god is already strong enough. If there’s still a Beast Tamer’s enhancement, what will happen? It’s considered a trick for humans and Beast Tamers to cooperate. This might also be a restriction of the cosmic will on humans after breaking through a certain limit.”

“I guess the reason why such Beast Tamers are restricted is very likely because they took the right path. This has a chance of reaching the cosmic level.”

“Didn’t we predict how you would reach the cosmic level previously?”

“It’s contracting a cosmic level at the super divine level, right? Under normal circumstances, divine-levels naturally can’t contract super divines above their level, and super divines naturally can’t contract a cosmic level above their level, even if they reach the theoretical peak of their current realm.”

“But if, like this 11th heavenly levels, the limit of the level can also be broken multiple times, then maybe it’s possible.”

“You’ve already broken the limit at the divine level. When you reach the super divine level, if you break the limit again and fight a few more times, you might really be able to contract a cosmic level at the super divine level.”

“Is that so…” Shi Yu said, “Indeed, I feel that the Beast Taming Space of the 11th heavenly layer has a greater bearing on pets.”

“Of course, there should still be a gap between it and contracting a super divine above its level.’

The owl said,

“In addition, just as I predicted, this kind of lightning tribulation will still appear frequently in the future, but the good news is that it will only descend once in 100 years. Although it will be stronger at that time, we can avoid it through some special methods. If you want this kind of evasion method, we can also think of a way.”

“It should be a way to seal oneself and let one sleep,” Shi Yu said. “It’s indeed good news. It only descended once in 100 years. There’s no need to think about something so far away now. Don’t worry about it.”

“For you, 100 years is indeed a little far. Let’s talk about it when the time comes.” The owl nodded.

“However, I’m not done. Apart from automatically descending once every 100 years, every time you open up a new world, which is to try to break through the limit the next time and reach the 12th heavenly layer of the divine level, the lightning tribulation will still descend.”

“There’s no way to dodge. Moreover, it’s best not to try to resist with external forces. You can only let pets with contracts with space resist. Otherwise, the power of the lightning tribulation will be stronger.”

Shi Yu:

F*ck, now that it was mentioned, how could Shi Yu dare to continue adding points to his pet?

“Alright, I’ll remember that.” Shi Yu nodded. He understood. Next, he would crazily replicate skills that countered lightning.

“Speaking of which, what’s the background of the race Patriarch Tu Tu visited?” Shi Yu asked.

Teacher Tu Na said, “They’ve experienced the battle to transcend the origin many times. They’re a large race with rich foundations. My brother guesses that there should be sleeping epoch gods in their race or divine-level Beast Tamers who have broken through the limit.”

“My brother also said that if Shi Yu wants to participate in the competition to transcend the origin in the future… you have to tell him hundreds of years in advance and let him prepare well…”

“That’s my suggestion too. This matter does seem to be dangerous.” Teacher Owl was serious.

Shi Yu was speechless. “Come on, the last time the universe naturally gave birth to the source of transcendence was 80,000 years ago. In other words, a new universe transcendence source will only be born about 20,000 years later…

“20,000 years, the flowers have withered.”

Shi Yu didn’t expect to obtain a transcendent origin in this space and time.

“Not necessarily. Although transcendent origins are born every 100,000 years and this is a natural law, there are still some lives in the universe who have the ability to affect these natural laws,” the owl said.

“For example, the five cosmic levels have the ability to do it.”

“For example, the power of the Star Prayer Race and the Astrologer Race.” The owl chuckled.

Shi Yu:

“Really?” Shi Yu was shocked.

“The Astrologer Race and the Star Prayer Race have the ability to compare to the five major cosmic levels?”

The owl said that the five cosmic levels could change the laws of the universe and let the source of transcendence condense in advance. Shi Yu believed it.

However, weren’t the Astrologer Race and the Star Prayer Race only races born on World King Planet…

Although the power source of these two races was indeed quite related to the planet and the universe…

“Don’t underestimate our two races. Back then, at the divine level, I predicted five existences with the source of transcendence, although I didn’t obtain them.”

“In short, it’s naturally true, but it’s very difficult. It’s very difficult for us to do it now.” The owl shrugged and said, “If that cat and 1 can become peak super divines, perhaps we can do it together.”

Shi Yu:

“l think 20,000 years might come faster,” Shi Yu said.

“Wuu, heartless,” the owl girl said. “When do you plan to set off for the cosmic overlord army?”

“In a few months,” Shi Yu said. “After the God Sealing Battle ends, I’ll go to Blue Planet to explore the ruins of that era. Then, I’ll cultivate for a period of time. I think it’s about time before going to the cosmic overlord army.” “Sure, sure, don’t forget to call me when the time comes!” the owl said.

“Don’t worry, 1 won’t forget,” Shi Yu said.

After the owl brought Shi Yu a lot of useful information, it left. As for Shi Yu himself, he temporarily gave up on adding points. He packed up and planned to leave.

It wasn’t to return to Blue Planet to explore the ruins of Chi You and Yellow Emperor, but to head to the central realm.

In the last God Sealing Battle, he had recorded many rare skills.

Unfortunately, due to the number and form of the skill column, he didn’t have time to replicate them.

But now, after contracting Beast Shi Yu and adding points to the divine skill to transcendence to delete it, Shi Yu’s skill column was much richer.

For example, Shi Yu had been envious of the Zavay Crow’s Time Reversal, Time Acceleration, and Time Stop for a long time. He had to replicate it this time.

In the central realm, World King City.

After Zavay had just experienced a battle without any suspense, it left the battle facility in a flash, planning to return to its residence.

However, its expression suddenly froze. It looked at the figure that suddenly appeared in midair and stopped it.

“It’s you! Upon seeing this figure, Zavay was shocked and revealed an incredulous expression. Who else could it be but Shi Yu, who was blocking in front of it?

Apart from Shi Yu, there was also that hateful bear.

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven stood on Shi Yu’s shoulder and waved at Zavay. Long time no see.

“Zavay.” Shi Yu smiled at Zavay and said, “I’m here.” “You’re here? What’s the matter?” Zavay was silent.

“What is it??”

Shi Yu said, “A few days ago, I received a letter. The owner of the letter claims to be your fan. He said that after you lost the last time, he was very unconvinced and wanted to fight me again. He worked hard for a year.”

“l saw that your fan was more sincere, so I came over personally, planning to fight you again.”

“Of course, we’ve all broken through to the divine level now. 1 don’t know what your fan was thinking, but in order to satisfy his wish, I can suppress my level to that of a quasi-divine.”

Zavay was stunned.

“Really???”

What was this???

Why didn’t it remember that it had such a fan who deserved a beating??

It looked at Shi Yu, who had already successfully hunted a super divine in front of it, and was stunned. It felt that it was sitting at home, and a pot had come from the sky.. Zavay also had to pay for the behavior of its fans?