Chapter 1632 - Chapter 1632: Breaking The Divine Level Limit (1)

Chapter 1632: Breaking the Divine Level Limit (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu’s successful hunt of a super divine immediately became a big matter that attracted the attention of the entire World King Planet.

Last year, during the God Sealing Battle, Shi Yu’s news made the entire World King Planet pay attention.

This year, during the God Sealing Battle, Shi Yu should have left, but no one expected him to return.

He made big news again and let everything stop on him.

“How exactly did he do it…”

“Even if the cleansing star spirit is known as the Heavenly Nemesis Abyss Race and can fight above its level, it’s too magical to go from a quasi-divine to super divine battle power in such a short period of time.”

“Could it be that Benos was heavily injured because he was weak for some special reason? Although the news says that Shi Yu is alone, don’t forget, he alone represents more than ten monster pets. If we cooperate…”

“I’ve already imagined it. Lings luck was so good that it exploded. Perhaps Benos’s army encountered the Starry Sky Storm and was picked up by Shi Yu and the others. But even so, it’s very strong.”

Compared to believing that Shi Yu could really kill super divines above his

level, people were still willing to imagine more storytelling experiences.

After all, Shi Yu directly killed his way to the Divine Planet of the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. It sounded even more unreliable than the Starry Sky Storm that the Benos army encountered.

But no matter how they argued, no one could obtain concrete information.

Now, people still wanted to know if Shi Yu had obtained a new source of transcendence, but unfortunately, no additional information was circulated in that battle,

Bing Ling only used this battle report to encourage the Environmental Protection Army after obtaining Shi Yu’s agreement.

“This kid.” Apart from the Four Saints and the super divine, the five super divines on Blue Planet also felt that it was ridiculous. They each felt that it was unbelievable.

They couldn’t imagine that Shi Yu, who still needed their protection in the previous God Sealing Battle, had… surpassed them so quickly!

Ignoring strength, just Shi Yu’s battle results alone had undoubtedly exceeded them by too much to defeat a transcendent 2.

After obtaining the pseudo source of transcendence, the dragon super divine that had just advanced to transcendent 2 looked in the direction of the Dong Huang Realm in confusion.

The dragon felt that it had lived for nothing at its age. This Dong Huang lineage was too ridiculous.

At this moment, in the Floating Realm, Shi Yu was yawning. He was lying on an old rocker, leisurely.

The exposure of his battle results also meant that the Environmental Protection Army should have calculated his battle merits.

As expected, before Shi Yu could take the initiative to investigate, Shi Yu’s World King Token swayed.

After Shi Yu chose to answer, there was first silence before an unfamiliar voice sounded.

“Realm lord Shi Yu, I’m the person-in-charge of the Central Realm’s Battle

Achievement Bureau, Feng Lan. During your service in the Environmental Protection Army, the battle merits you accumulated have been verified and have already been logged in. As the value is too large, I’ll personally contact you next.”

Shi Yu said, “Hello, Director Feng Lan. May I ask if there’s a planet among the resources that can be exchanged for battle merits, right?”

“That’s right,” Feng Lan said. ‘Your battle merits are enough to exchange for some rare planets, such as the lucky star and the time star…”

Shi Yu said, “I want a lucky star and a time star at the same time. Are my battle merits enough?”

Feng Lan said, “It might not be enough…”

Shi Yu said, “Then I want a lucky star. The rest can be exchanged for a pseudo source of transcendence.”

“Alright, I’ll help you arrange it next.”

Shi Yu closed the call. After thinking about it, he still decided to get a lucky star.

He would change Lings weapon first.

Although the spatial weapons on the battleship weren’t bad now, when he added Lings spatial control to (Perfect+47), the advantage wouldn’t be that great. It was better to change them as soon as possible.

On the contrary, Shi Yu felt that the more metaphysical things, like luck value, the better.

In short, it was spatial attainments. Apart from spatial weapons and spatial control skills, there were many ways to increase them. However, on the contrary, there were very few ways to increase the luck stats. He couldn’t miss any of them.

As for the rest, it was all to exchange for the pseudo source of transcendence. This was because the pseudo source of transcendence was a high-level universal currency among super divine levels. It was also very convenient to exchange it for other things later. Apart from that, it could be stored to strengthen Beast Shi Yu in the future.

Shi Yu also valued the growth of his previous life very much. After all, he might have to fuse with it in the future.

While waiting for the battle merit reward to be transferred, Shi Yu naturally added points with all his might. Of course, he would occasionally pay attention to the new God Sealing Battle, but before Senior Lu and the others encountered troublesome opponents, there was nothing to pay attention to.

It had to be said that after Susu reached the Super Divine Will, it was easy to add points to her.

The proficiency level of the origin wave increased almost visibly. However, the Star Sea Contract that had already reached transcendence seemed to have encountered a bottleneck and couldn’t increase.

At the same time, the Star Sea Contract was also in a deletable state in the skill index. This meant that the index judged that it had been maxed out.

This situation had puzzled Shi Yu for a long time.

Transcendent was max level… This situation only happened in teaching skills.

The Star Sea Contract was a racial skill. In theory, the upper limit of the level should be Dao Proficiency.

Could it be that the upper limit of the proficiency of a divine skill was transcendent? It no longer differentiated between racial skills and teaching skills.

However, Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to think too much. So be it if it was transcendent. In any case, it was still far from transcendent. It was useless to think too much now.

“I’m so tired.’

At the lake, Shi Yu hugged Susu and sighed slightly..