Chapter 1639 - Chapter 1639: Skill Of Blue Planet’S Will (3)

Chapter 1639: Skill of Blue Planet’s Will (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Not yet.” The World Tree clone shook its head.

“There’s no need to worry too much,” Shi Yu said. “If it’s the Abyss Race, I’ll be fine since 1 1 m here.’

“That’s right.” The Space Emperor nodded, but he was still a little worried. After all, he had just advanced to the super divine level, and his battle power was at most on par with those five guys…

However, just as Shi Yu and the Space Emperor were prepared for battle, a voice directly made them speechless.

“Alright, the crisis has been resolved.” At this moment, Blue Planet’s Will condensed and appeared in Inatella again.

“It’s been resolved??”

“Didn’t they say that a super divine was approaching?” Shi Yu asked.

Blue Planet’s Will said, “That’s indeed the case, but 1 called you back just in case. My will condensed and gave the other party a warning from afar. The other party left directly.”

“The battle of the super divine is very important. Even if it’s an enemy relationship, as long as one isn’t 100% confident, they usually won’t carry it out easily.”

“It’s good that you’re fine.” The Space Emperor heaved a sigh of relief. Emperor Shi had handed Blue Planet to him to protect. If something transcendent happened, he really didn’t know what to do.

Although he didn’t even see the enemy, the Space Emperor broke out in cold sweat. The corners of his mouth twitched as he looked at Shi Yu, who didn’t take it seriously.

This super divine… was most likely summoned by Shi Yu.

Probably because of Benos’s death, the other super divines of the Dark King Army came to take a look at the situation here.

“Damn it, the source of transcendence was scared away…”

Blue Planet and the Space Emperor: “?”

“Forget it. Although the enemy has left, let’s stay on Blue Planet next. It’s safer,” Shi Yu said. “Perhaps it will return.”

“Yes, I have the same intention. Although I can also fight, if I fight, 1 won’t be able to protect the lives on the planet with all my might. It’s very difficult to do both, so I still have to rely on you,” the Blue Planet’s Will said.

“Oh?” At this moment, Shi Yu was slightly stunned, as if he had finally thought of something.

He suddenly looked at the Blue Planet’s Will, his gaze making the Blue Planet’s Will very uncomfortable.

“I’ve decided.” After Shi Yu made a choice, he finally decided what to replicate with the fifth skill.

He wanted to teach Little Zi an attack skill. He shouldn’t look for the participants of the World King Star. Although there were also third-level realm lords among the participants of the God Sealing Battle who had contracted stars that mastered the power of attack, Shi Yu didn’t fancy ordinary attack skills either. They weren’t suitable for Little Zi.

He didn’t even fancy what the Space Emperor’s Floating Planet had mastered.

There weren’t many powerful planets, but Shi Yu happened to be able to find a suitable one now. That was Blue Planet. After all, it was the reincarnation of a

cosmic-level star. It definitely had many trump cards. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for it to resist the three super divines at the peak of the divine level.

“Lord Blue Planet, you’re free anyway. Why don’t you help me take care of the baby?”

“Speaking of which, this guy can be considered half your daughter.”

“After it’s stronger, it can guard you like a satellite.”

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and summoned the purple white rice ball. When Little Zi saw the World Tree and the Blue Planet’s Will, it immediately revealed a friendly gaze.

After all… it was born through the branch liquid of Blue Planet.

“Mi! Little Zi acknowledged its kin.

“After I became the realm lord of the World King Planet, I originally wanted to find some suitable star attack skills to give to it, but those that are publicly given to the realm lord are too ordinary.”

[Space Emperor: Indeed.]

“Do you have any suitable divine powers to teach it?” Shi Yu said.

The World Tree and Blue Planet’s Will were silent.

So that was the case.

“If I remember correctly, you also contracted a star, right?” Blue Planet’s Will looked at the Space Emperor and said, “How about this? I’ll teach them the same skill, but I can’t guarantee that they can learn this skill.”

“This skill is the skill that scared away that super divine just now. It’s also a skill that allows Blue Planet to withstand the invasion war.’

“Thank you, Mother Goddess!” The Space Emperor felt pleasantly surprised.

Blue Planet was now a super divine planet. In her previous life, it was suspected to be a cosmic-level star. The skills she comprehended were definitely not weak.

“Great,” Shi Yu said.

Blue Planet’s Will looked at the sky and said, “This skill is called the ‘Star

Contract’. It’s actually very similar to the Beast Taming Contract of humans.” “Star Contract?” The Space Emperor pondered for a moment and confirmed that he had never heard of this skill in the Cosmic Sea.

This should be a skill that belonged to Blue Planet alone.

“Well, I can actually sign a contract with other lives like human Beast Tamers.”

“However, after signing the contract, the one summoned isn’t the life form’s main body.”

“On the other hand, I can materialize the power projection of my contractor by consuming the power of the world. The projection conjured depends on the power of the world consumed. It has strength close to, comparable to, or exceeds the main body. It’s not afraid of death and doesn’t have the concept of life and death.’

“Just now, 1 summoned the projections of Emperor Shi, the super divines of the five divine races, and the others and added my own power to scare the other party away.”

“Back then, Blue Planet could resist the three super divine invaders because the perfect gods of Blue Planet had made a Star Contract with me. As long as I consumed the power of the world at all costs, I could summon their immortal power projections. This skill once brought quite a lot of trouble to the three invaders.’

When the Blue Planet’s Will finished speaking, Shi Yu and the Space Emperor were stunned.

Shi Yu said, “When did you contract with Emperor Shi and the others? Why didn’t I know?”