Chapter 1634 - Chapter 1634: Breaking The Divine Level Limit (3)

Chapter 1634: Breaking the Divine Level Limit (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Wuu! The lightning tribulation landed. Eleven had already rushed into the sky, wanting to help the 11th heavenly layer resist the lightning tribulation with its lightning body, but it was directly stopped by Beast Shi Yu.

“Danger.” Beast Shi Yu flew into the sky and directly threw Eleven back to the ground. He rushed into the sky alone and resisted the storm-like lightning tribulation in the shaky 11th heavenly layer.

He raised the sword shield as high as a Lightning Rod, trying to attract the lightning to himself.

Boom!!!

The aftermath instantly made the manor mystic realm into a mess, causing cracks to appear in the spatial mystic realm created by the Space Emperor. It was about to collapse at any time.

Under the indiscriminate bombardment of lightning, Beast Shi Yu’s equipment gradually shattered, and injuries appeared on his body. Fortunately, his physical strength was still strong enough, thanks to the strengthening of the pseudo source of transcendence previously!

“Stay away!” At that moment, all of Shi Yu’s pets were called back by Shi Yu. The strength of this lightning tribulation was so strong that, apart from its super divine battle power, it was invincible. At the moment, in the team, only Beast Shi Yu and Susu could try to resist it.

“Ning! Under the worried expressions of Eleven and the others, Susu finally opened its eyes and looked at the sky fiercely. Clearly, it had finished digesting the power of the additional points and completely stepped into the new realm of the era.

It directly leaped up. During the process, it combined it with the Star Sea Contract and ignored the backlash. It activated the Origin Wave with all its might, trying to erase the lightning.

“Ning!! (Breaking lightning, disperse!!)”

As soon as Susu finished speaking, the fluctuations of the Sea of Stars spread out and filled the entire sky, causing the Milky Way to appear again. Soon, countless lightning bolts dimmed.

Boom boom boom boom boom. The lightning tried to launch a new round of attacks, but it was forced back by Susu and Beast Shi Yu. At this moment, Shi Yu’s manor was already in a complete mess. The mystic realm space had also collapsed. Before Shi Yu noticed, the sound of tribulation lightning had already resounded throughout the entire Floating Realm. Even the experts from the surrounding realms suddenly woke up and looked in the direction of the Floating Realm.

“What happened?” In the Floating Realm, the Space Emperor was shocked. He looked in the direction of Shi Yu’s manor and at the lightning that had already dimmed in the sky. He was shocked, and he quickly teleported over.

However, by the time he came over, everything had already calmed down. Although Shi Yu e s main body didn’t come into contact with the lightning, he still seemed to have been electrocuted and was charred from the explosion.

“Hu…” Shi Yu spat out black smoke.

In the sky, Susu was lying on Beast Shi Yu’s head, still looking at the sky. After confirming that there was no movement, they heaved a sigh of relief.

“Yiya!!!” Baby Ginseng and the others, who were protecting Shi Yu, also started chattering.

“It’s alright… Don’t worry,” Shi Yu said. “Damn, what’s this? All the good equipment is gone.”

“Shi Yu!” In midair, the Space Emperor looked at the miserable Shi Yu and said, “Shi Yu, what happened? Enemy??”

He sensed his surroundings, but he didn’t find anyone.

“Senior Space Emperor.” At this moment, Shi Yu also noticed the Space Emperor. He looked over and said, “1 don’t know either. It doesn’t look like an enemy. Have you read any cultivation novels? Have you heard of the Tribulation Transcendence Stages? Heavenly tribulation, lightning tribulation, and so on. It seems to be that.”

Emperor Kong:

“I’ve heard of it. I once had a subordinate who cultivated a Dragon Carp. When that Dragon Carp evolved into a lightning dragon in a special way, it experienced the test of the heaven and earth lightning.”

“On the World King Planet, there are also some races who need to undergo the test of heaven and earth when breaking through.”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Although the mechanism might be different, nature feels about the same. When I just broke through, I seemed to have also encountered the lightning that filled the void.”

“Of course, it’s all thanks to Susu, and… the guy from the super divine stone. I’m fine.’

The Space Emperor looked at Beast Shi Yu and Susu in the sky in silence, as if he understood why Shi Yu could defeat the abyss super divine.

At the same time, they were shocked again that Shi Yu could control Beast Shi Yu to display such strength. Shi Yu had managed to do something that the archeological association had never been able to do… He was really a monster.

Of course, apart from Shi Yu l s own pets, the Space Emperor and the others didn’t know that this era’s ancient corpse was Shi Yu’s previous life. Even Emperor Shi and the Blue Planet’s Will couldn’t tell. Perhaps they could tell, but they didn’t say it.

“It’s good that you’re fine, but why would a breakthrough attract lightning tribulation…” The Space Emperor couldn’t understand.

A human breakthrough would attract lightning? He had indeed never heard of it.

Shi Yu used his body control to recover his fair skin and short black hair. “1 1 m also very puzzled. It might be related to this?”

With that said, Shi Yu directly activated the Beast Taming Space. The colorless summoning array was a divine-level symbol. It was already difficult to see its real form, but in contrast, the sky phenomenon that represented the level of the Beast Taming Space became an important symbol to determine the strength of the Beast Tamer.

At that moment, a total of 11 heavenly layers rumbled as they appeared behind Shi Yu, making the Space Emperor reveal an incredulous expression.

“11 layers??” He said in disbelief.

“Well, perhaps it’s because of the blessing of the Blue Planet’s World Tree. Previously, I had two Beast Taming Spaces. After they fused, they seemed to have the ability to break through the upper limit of their level. It’s also possible that the feedback from the pets is too huge, allowing me to break through the limit.”

Shi Yu himself didn’t understand why he had successfully broken through. However, he had indeed never heard of the Beast Taming Space of the eleventh level. As a spatial talent, the Space Emperor had been stuck at the tenth level for a long time.. He needed to rely on the source of transcendence to change to other upgrade systems, but for Shi Yu…