Chapter 1630 - Chapter 1630: New God Sealing (4)

Chapter 1630: New God Sealing (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“What a coincidence. He’s here again this year. Moreover, he encountered you in the first round.’

“What fate.’

“Oh?” Chi Tongs words attracted everyone’s attention. Son of a super divine?

There was such a contestant.

Emperor Wu and the others looked at the Empress in unison and felt envious.

Compared to the seemingly weak opponents they encountered, the Empress’s opponents looked more comfortable fighting.

“Is that so?” Huang Xi nodded and said, “But no matter who it is, I’ll defeat them too.’

“Enemies are indeed bound to meet on a narrow road,” Shi Yu said as he ate a lamb skewer.

“Senior Huang Xi’s luck is similar to when we participated. We both encountered powerful contestants a few rounds in advance.”

“Isn’t that pretty good?” Emperor Wu said. “Haha, we’ll meet sooner or later anyway.”

“l understand. Ling, help Senior Emperor Wu apply a reverse blessing wind tomorrow and make Senior Emperor Wu’s luck worse. Perhaps he can encounter Zavay and Ming Gu in the second round.”

“Perhaps we’ll encounter Senior Dragon Emperor and the others in advance.”

Ling: “Roger.”

Emperor Wu: “?”

The Dragon Emperor, who was eating barbecue.

“There’s no need,” he said.

For life forms at Shi Yu and the others’ level, unless they used the Cultivation Fruit, sleeping was no longer a necessary activity.

Therefore, after Shi Yu finished eating, he immediately pulled Eleven and the others to a new round of points.

However, at this moment, in another realm, a contestant fell into deep thought.

This person was the son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang.

Although he lost the last God Sealing Battle, because his opponent, Chi Tong, was too monstrous, he didn’t receive much criticism from his father.

His father just wanted him to work hard next time.

Therefore, this year, the son of the Demon Emperor came again.

However, now, when this noble son looked at his opponent’s profile picture, he only felt deep confusion.

He took out contestant Chi Tongs profile picture from last year and compared it. Then, he carefully observed Empress Huang Xi’s profile picture. In the end, he was stunned.

Even if it wasn’t exactly identical, it was 99% similar. The only difference was its aura!!

What was going on?

“I don’t understand.” The son of the Demon Emperor was shocked. Don’t tell him that Chi Tong still had a sister.

With Chi Tongs exaggerated strength, how could her sister be weak?

When the new God Sealing Battle began, those contestants were still the ones who received the most attention…

Zavay, Ming Gu… Even the super dark horse of the previous batch and the unlucky son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang.

Therefore, apart from Tian Shang himself, many people were paying attention to his match results. Then, like Tian Shang, the people who paid attention fell into deep thought.

Right on the heels of that, it was to investigate crazily who this Huang Xi was.

As for where to investigate, it was naturally from the Dong Huang Realm, the Floating Realm, and other places that were closely related to Shi Yu.

This investigation was impressive.

Someone dug out the story Shi Yu told when the Blue Planet super divine went to assassinate the Assassin Planet.

Huang Xi, the third legendary emperor of the Dong Huang Dynasty, was the only female emperor. She was a hybrid of a human and a Phoenix and had peerless talent. She was known as the strongest female Beast Tamer in Dong Huang.

Tian Shang clearly quickly found this information, but not only did his shocked mood not ease, but he also felt that it was even more ridiculous.

What???

Dong Huangs third emperor?

Why was she still alive?

When Shi Yu told the story, although he didn’t say that the Empress and the others had already died, the dynasty had changed so frequently, the totem battle had happened so tragically, and the story of the rise of the new emperor was so complicated. Everyone had already subconsciously judged that the Empress and the others had already fallen.

However, the current situation caught them off guard.

Some people also searched Wu Dong, Long Qingyun, and the others. This search made them even more silent.

Because Emperor Dong Huang, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor had all come to participate. This was ridiculous!

Their opponents were stunned..