Chapter 1637 - Chapter 1637: Skill Of Blue Planet’S Will (1)

Chapter 1637: Skill of Blue Planet’s Will (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

World King City.

Under Shi Yu’s warm heart, he and Zavay engaged in a “guidance battle”.

Zavay couldn’t persuade Shi Yu, so he silently ordered Baby Ginseng, wanting to compete with the previous champion.

Firstly, Baby Ginseng was very strong, and secondly, Baby Ginseng had also mastered the Time Mark and was also a time element. Fighting Baby Ginseng might yield greater gains.

This made Baby Ginseng very happy.

After all, Zavay had been eliminated by Eleven in the first round. It had yet to use the pile of anti-Zavay energy fruits it had prepared for Zavay.

This battle finally didn’t make Baby Ginsengs efforts useless.

Of course, this guidance battle was also to stop when it was time. After all, Zavay still had to keep his physical fitness and Time Mark to prepare for the next God Sealing Battle,

“What’s this!”

“What’s this!”

“Did it really suppress its level?”

“Really!’

Throughout the whole process, under Zavay’s surprise, Shi Yu left in satisfaction. He left with the four skills, leaving behind a lying Zavay.

These four skills were Time Acceleration, Time Deceleration, Time Reversal, and Time Stop.

Four pure time-element domain skills.

“Let me see.”

After leaving, Shi Yu immediately checked the compatibility of the four time skills and his pets.

His will first locked onto Eleven in the Beast Taming Space.

Eleven was naturally not compatible at all.

However, Shi Yu didn’t expect it to be compatible…

“Wu wu wu!”

Eleven was furious. Time-element skill. How aloof but impressive!

It could already think and react faster than time. Next, Eleven planned to train its body to exceed time.

“Ji (Ji)!” Buggy couldn’t either. Shi Yu skipped it.

In the end, Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng, who had just entered. “Oh?” Shi Yu realized that he couldn’t teach Baby Ginseng either.

Obviously, there was no compatibility.

Thinking about it carefully, it made sense. The time skills mastered by Baby Ginseng were all related to wood. They were purely time-element skills, but they had never been mastered.

“Yi??” Baby Ginseng sighed and lowered its head slightly, its green eyes revealing a depressed expression.

After working for so long, it actually couldn’t learn it. Damn it.

NO!

It wanted to study it!! It wanted to evolve!!

“Damn!” Initially, Shi Yu didn’t have much hope. Ling, who had modified itself on its own and learned Future Prediction, couldn’t control these skills either. However, when Shi Yu looked at Qi, an accident happened.

In theory, Qi, who couldn’t learn any skills other than Space-time Travel, actually had a compatibility with these four skills.

“Mimi??” In the Beast Taming Space, Qi raised its head, its eyes filled with hope.

Could it be… Maybe…

“Have you tried to learn similar skills like Time Deceleration and Time Reversal previously?” Shi Yu asked Qi.

“Yes,” Qi said. “I once tried to learn on my own, but I didn’t succeed.”

“Didn’t succeed? Perhaps it wasn’t time yet. Perhaps you can master such a pure time-element skill.” Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “You’re already different from before.”

“It’s like a newborn tiger. It’s very difficult to master fierce hunting skills, but when it reaches adulthood and learns those hunting skills, it’ll be good at it.”

“After your Space-time Travel reaches the perfect level, you’ll actually be considered a complete body in the true sense of the word. Perhaps… you’ve already undergone some changes and can learn some other skills that aren’t too overboard.’

“Of course, although these skills are also very overboard, compared to your

Time Sprite identity, they’re not too overboard.”

“Is that so?!” Qi’s eyes lit up. “Then next, can I learn more and more skills?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “From the looks of it… the skills that can be learned are mostly external skills and basic time transformation skills.”

“In short, it’s good that someone can learn the new skill replicated. I’ll teach it to you later. You can slowly study the rest.”

“Yay~~”Qi said happily.

Qi could learn new skills again. The other pets also smiled. This little guy had yet to realize anything, right?

Although Qi’s Space-time Travel was an indispensable skill in the team, it was very rare for Shi Yu and the others to use it.

However, when Qi learned the four time skills, it would be different.

“Yi.” “Ning.” Baby Ginseng and Susu looked at Qi’s happy expression and knew in their hearts that in the future, when Shi Yu added points, they could give a portion of their work to Qi…

Wasn’t Time Reversal also a proper support skill? It could directly reverse Shi Yu’s fatigue state to a period of time ago…

It could even rewind their consumption to a period of time ago…

“Yi! (Good gardener.)” Baby Ginseng nodded. Apart from that, the Time Acceleration and the other skills could also be used to assist it in cultivating various fruits. Some fruits, even if they were nutritious enough, had its wood control to accelerate their ripening. The growth period was still very long.

Apart from Buggy, there was another helper!

Obviously, the way many pets looked at Qi had changed. The young pets were still immersed in the joy of learning new skills. The mature pets were already thinking of ways to squeeze the labor of their teammates at the greatest value to make themselves stronger and easier.

Next, Shi Yu originally wanted to stay in World King City and replicate the last skill. However, he had yet to choose what this skill was.

As Shi Yu strolled around, his realm lord token sounded again. So it was someone from the battle merits bureau..