Chapter 1635 - Chapter 1635: Breaking The Divine Level Limit (4)

Chapter 1635: Breaking the Divine Level Limit (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Could this be the new domain that might exist above the divine level that Senior Emperor Shi mentioned? The realm after breaking through the limit of the divine level?” The Space Emperor pondered.

At this moment, the Prediction Owl, Lin Feng, Emperor Wu, and the others also arrived. Even the five super divine beings on Blue Planet, far away in their own world were attracted by the commotion in the Floating Realm and descended.

When they saw the phenomenon of the eleven heavenly layers behind Shi Yu, they also revealed shocked expressions to different degrees.

“Sorry to disturb everyone. There was an accident during my cultivation. It’s alright, it’s alright…” At this moment, Shi Yu laughed and scratched his head. “This isn’t a surprise. You’ve cultivated to the 11th layer?” The dragon super divine said in shock.

“Holy sh*t.” Lin Feng was uncultured. What was this? Did the tenth layer crack or something?

“Isn’t the divine level only at the tenth level?” Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, and the others clearly had already understood the profundity of the divine level.

Shi Yu, this kid, indeed didn’t make sense. Now, they seemed to understand why Shi Yu could defeat a super divine above his level.

“You broke the limit?” Lu Qingyi smiled and looked at Shi Yu. She quickly understood what was going on. Being happy for Shi Yu didn’t look like a bad thing.

“Could this be…” The Prediction Owl also fell into deep thought.

“Seniors, the five divine races have a long inheritance. Do you know anything?” The Space Emperor asked the five super divine races. Although the overall strength of the five divine races was low, to be able to be passed down for so long and be knowledgeable, it was definitely not something he and Lin Feng could compare to. The knowledge he had accumulated might not even be comparable to the Blue Planet’s Will and Emperor Shi.

“There are some records in the race, but not many. It seems that there are indeed legends of realms above the tenth level of the divine level. However, because the five divine races aren’t mainly humans, I don’t know much,” the Kirin Race’s super divine said.

“Didn’t Emperor Shi also guess previously that there are still divine-level new realms after humans reach the peak of the human divine level?”

“This…” The Space Emperor was speechless. He naturally knew this. He looked at Teacher Tu Na.

“Don’t ask me. The Astrologer Race fell into dire straits once tens of thousands of years ago and lost a large amount of information.” The owl girl shrugged and said, “However, according to what I’ve understood recently, I can roughly deduce it.’

“Now that Susu is an epoch god, the feedback Shi Yu obtained from it must be very strong. Since there are relevant records in the five divine races, it means that there must be Beast Tamers who have reached this realm. As for why everyone has rarely heard of it, it might be because they don’t have any special circumstances and basically don’t appear in the world.”

“As an outstanding figure at the divine level, they must be waiting for the source of transcendence that’s born every 100,000 years.”

“Under normal circumstances, in order to preserve its power, it’s definitely safer to sleep and seal itself. From the looks of it, apart from preserving its power and delaying its lifespan, there might be another reason why it sleeps and seals itself.’

“That is, dodging the lightning tribulation,” the owl said. “After breaking through the limit of a certain realm, you might encounter the backlash of the cosmic will and be entangled by the lightning tribulation…”

“With the commotion of that lightning tribulation just now, Shi Yu can withstand it, but if it were other Beast Tamers… Even if the other party has also cultivated an epoch god, it’s not that easy to block.”

The corners of Shi Yu t s mouth twitched. “You mean that this lightning tribulation will still come after?”

The owl blinked and said, “l don’t know either… But I’ll call my brother to help you predict it later.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

Damn.

In the future, who could withstand being struck by lightning every day?

From the looks of it, the work of adding points to Eleven had to be increased.

Otherwise, blocking the lightning tribulation would consume another lot of energy, but if these lightning tribulations could be fed to Eleven, it wouldn’t be a loss.

Shi Yu had decided on Eleven!