Chapter 1633 - Chapter 1633: Breaking The Divine Level Limit (2)

Chapter 1633: Breaking the Divine Level Limit (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Susu looked at Shi Yu with its big eyes and directly condensed a cleansing water drop to cleanse Shi Yu’s lazing heart.

“Ning, Ning!’

Beast Tamer, this isn’t your limit! “This is the last time…” Shi Yu said.

[Race Skill]

“Divine-level”: Star Sea Contract (transcendent), Origin Wave (Perfect+47),

Inheritance Water Droplet (Initiate), Water/Quasi Control (Proficient), Heavenly Frost Cold Energy (Proficient)

[Taught Skill]

“Divine-level”: Infinite Devour (Initiate), Star Refinement (Proficient)

Shi Yu felt that it was enough. With one last time, the origin fluctuations could reach transcendence.

Having a transcendent-level divine skill was an epoch god, so what if he had two?

Although the level upper limit of a single divine skill couldn’t increase, Shi Yu could still choose to compete in numbers.

The Star Sea Contract combined with the origin fluctuations to form a combination skill. Even if there was really a divine skill with Dao Proficiency, this combination skills should be able to resist.

At the moment, Susu’s strength was much stronger than when it fought the abyss super divine. If they fought again, Susu would definitely not be so miserable.

And if he raised the origin wave to transcendence and fought again, Shi Yu was confident that Susu could defeat the other party even without his support.

“Come! ”

“Ning! (Come!)”

Shi Yu’s final palm landed on Susu’s head.

In the next moment, an extremely dazzling light appeared on susu’s body.

Buzz!

It instantly illuminated the entire mystic realm.

If Shi Yu hadn’t asked the Space Emperor to help strengthen his mystic realm manor with the power of super divine, the current light would probably have been like the light of the sun, shocking the entire Floating Realm.

“What a strong power wave…” In the manor, Ling and the others stuck their heads out one by one.

Eleven’s hand, which was holding the bamboo in the corridor, trembled slightly with envy.

“Quack (As expected of Big Sister.)” Duckie was excited. If Susu became stronger, it was actually equivalent to it becoming stronger.

With Susu around, it could devour and activate more abyssal power without restraint…

“Huh?” However, not only did Susu break through again, Shi Yu also sensed an indescribable change in his body.

During the process of adding points, Shi Yu closed his eyes tightly and frowned. He sensed the attribute feedback from Susu.

Generally speaking, the power Susu gave back was resistance. It had more willpower, mind, and mental strength, which could make Shi Yu’s magic resistance and abnormal state resistance stronger.

Of course, apart from that, there was naturally the feedback from every pet to break through the standard and the Beast Taming Space.

Long before this, Shi Yu had already been fed back to the tenth level of the divine level by Beast Shi Yu, which was the peak of the divine level. Logically speaking, this was already the limit of the divine level.

Even if Susu had just become an epoch god, the Beast Taming Space didn’t change much. But now, as Susu became an epoch god with two transcendent divine skills, the feedback from the Beast Taming Space finally became obvious.

Ten phantoms of the sky automatically appeared behind Shi Yu. The sky behind him was blurry, as if it had been divided into ten levels. The sky rumbled and trembled, as if it was opening up a new world.

“This is…” Qi, Ling, and the others watched eagerly at the side. “Master is opening the eleventh level. Because of Susu’s feedback, he broke the limit of

the divine-level Beast Taming Space.”

“Wow,” Qi said. “That can happen? Then when we all become epoch gods, can we build higher and higher?”

“This is a possibility…” Ling muttered. At the same time, Shi Yu also felt that he and Susu were breaking through together. As Shi Yu broke through, a large amount of origin power was tilted out of the eleven heavens. Even Eleven and the others had obtained the divine power purification and increased some divine power.

At this moment, strange phenomena appeared frequently in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space as Shi Yu’s own meditation consolidated. However, just as Shi Yu was about to solidify the eleventh level, an accident appeared.

Boom.

In the sky, countless lightning bolts suddenly struck down. They were nomological lightning, as if they were tribulation lightning fused from transcendent spatial laws and transcendent lightning laws. They were incomparably terrifying, and every one of them seemed to be able to destroy a world.

“No way.” Shi Yu suddenly looked at the sky.

The violent lightning tribulation struck in the direction of the new eleven heavens. Shi Yu had never heard of this situation or expected it.

This lightning tribulation was incomparably terrifying. Even if a super divine was hit, it might be heavily injured. If it successfully hit the 11th heavenly layer, not only would Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space collapse, but the weight that had just been opened would definitely be gone.

Moreover, the other ten heavenly layers would definitely suffer a serious backlash and crack. At that time, Shi Yu estimated that it would take him a long time to recuperate. It would be so serious that his life would even be in danger.

“Meow!!!” In the distance, Shorty was the first to explode. It thought that someone wanted to harm Shi Yu, but its White Tiger Retribution power had expanded. Even with the power of the Four Holy Ruins, it didn’t feel that any expert in the Floating Realm was hostile to Shi Yu.

Moreover, this lightning tribulation didn’t seem to be targeting Shi Yu’s life. Instead, it seemed to be purely targeting Shi Yu’s newly opened 11th heavenly layer…

“This is… the will of the great universe.” As if it represented some taboo to open up the 11th heavenly layer, Ling immediately judged that this lightning tribulation was like a cosmic disaster. It was born naturally, but it seemed to contain the will of the universe and was only targeted at certain specific situations..