Chapter 1631 - Chapter 1631: World King Planet Quake (1)

Chapter 1631: World King Planet Quake (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

That night, this was what the trending headlines were talking about. There were even people kneeling before the Exposing King to expose the news and ask what was going on. Even if it was a rumor, the crowd wanted to watch the show too much.

However, the Exposing King, Patriarch Tu Tu, who had reached a cooperation agreement with Blue Planet, didn’t dare to continue blowing up.

It would be bad if the Beast Tamers of the Blue Planet were unhappy.

A long time ago, it seemed to have exposed the matter of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng. Although it didn’t know if what it had predicted was accurate, the other party seemed to be very unhappy.

However, Patriarch Tu Tu felt that the Space Emperor and Lin Feng could get along!

At least it wasn’t wanted like the others.

The next day.

Everyone paid attention to the battle between Huang Xi and the son of the Demon Emperor, wanting to verify Huang Xi’s true identity.

In the winter snow arena, a noble son with silver hair and golden eyes holding a demon saber looked at Empress Huang Xi opposite him with a serious expression.

“You’re Dong Huangs third empress, Empress Huang Xi.”

Opposite him, Huang Xi was expressionless. “So what if I am?”

“l didn’t expect you to still be alive,” the son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, said. “What’s your relationship with Chi Tong?” This was also what everyone wanted to know.

Why did the Empress and Chi Tong look the same?

The Empress was a human, and Chi Tong was a heroic spirit. What complicated relationship was there?

In addition to hybrids…

Everyone smelled gossip.

They really wanted to know!

[Boss Tian Shang, continue asking. Ask.]

[Big boss Tian Shang, please, ask clearly. I’m curious.]

The audience in the live-stream flooded the screen crazily.

“In terms of age, you’re older. Could it be…” The Demon Emperor’s son had just finished speaking.

In the next moment, the Empress opposite directly attacked!

Fusion Talent, Phoenix Strengthening, and Bloodline Strengthening were all activated.

Among them, the Fusion Talent learned from Emperor Wu. Because she had the phoenix bloodline, she could quickly fuse with the nine phoenix pets. In addition to her Bloodline Strengthening talent, Huang Xi’s aura instantly reached a terrifying level.

Of course, most importantly, the legendary emperors who entered the starry sky cultivated the divine contract later, restricted themselves, and stimulated their potential.

This was the strongest thing about Space Beast Tamers.

In fact, Shi Yu had also unknowingly undergone a divine contract. The upgraded blessing of the World Tree was a type of divine contract that external forces helped Shi Yu reach. His divine contract was the upper limit of the pets that could be contracted. It exceeded ordinary people, and his cultivation speed exceeded ordinary Beast Tamers. There were also some other miscellaneous attribute enhancements. The enhancements were many and complicated. As for the side effects, there didn’t seem to be any. If one had to say, the side effects were that raising too many pets costs too much money. Ordinary people couldn’t afford to raise them, right?

As for Huang Xi’s restriction on herself, she could only contract pets with the phoenix bloodline in exchange for a fivefold increase in her Beast Taming Talent! !

Similar to Ming Gu t s divine contract, the content of the contract could only be reached by super geniuses. The other party’s was ten times, and the Empress’s was five times. Of course, this couldn’t mean that the Empress’s talent was worse than Ming Gu t s.

Because Ming Gu seemed to have only contracted one pet. This might also be a price, but the Empress didn’t have the number of pet contracts restricted. She still had nine pets now.

The difference in the number of pets was enough to close the increase in Beast Taming Talent.

After being blessed by Goddess Wa and Blue Planet, the Empress’s talent was clearly higher. This was equivalent to a gift from a peak super divine and a cosmic-level star in her previous life.

At this moment, every phoenix pet of hers had mastered more than four quasi-divine skills. When nine fused into one, it was equivalent to dozens of quasi-divine skills gathering in one body. Although the quality might not be inferior to Zavay, under the enhancement of the Empress’ five times Beast Taming Talent, her strength instantly reached an unbelievable level.

Two pairs of huge nine-colored feathers floated behind her. Empress Huang

Xi calmly attacked.

“Phoenix Seal.” She gave the order, and a nine-colored treasure seal condensed in the sky. Accompanied by a phoenix cry, it instantly collapsed the sky and space, suppressing the son of the Demon Emperor, making its pupils shrink. It pulled out its saber and stood up.

Boom.

Under the dazzling light, the third son of the Demon Emperor was directly suppressed by the treasure seal on the snow, his body flattened.

The Empress felt that the person in front of her was too noisy and had too many questions.

At this moment, the entire place was silent.

“I’m younger than her,” the Empress said.

Chi Tong, who was watching the battle: ???

Nonsense! Chi Tong expressed that it was younger, but it was a sister!

Of course, no one cared about this now.

For the first time, Empress Dong Huangs strength appeared in front of everyone. Everyone felt that her strength wasn’t much inferior to Chi Tongs monster…

“It’s over.” At this moment, the hearts of the old contestants, like Ming Gu, turned cold.

They knew that nothing good would happen if the few emperors of Dong Huang appeared this year.

This Empress was so strong.

The Blue Planet was filled with monsters!

Next, there was still Emperor Wu and the Dragon Emperor. How was he going to play this batch?

On the first day, Emperor Wu and the Dragon Emperor basically didn’t even fight. They didn’t even summon their pets and relied on deterrence from afar to instantly kill their opponents.

Senior Lu was the same, but she didn’t rely on deterrence. Instead, she relied on the killing intent fluctuations tempered by her pets during this period, directly scaring her opponent into collapse. It was similar to deterrence.

As the Blue Planet bloodline appeared again, many monster experts surged out at once. The other realms were numb.

Especially the Four Holy Family, who had an even greater sense of urgency.

The Four Saints super divine met online again.

“The grudge between us and the Blue Planet lineage is almost impossible to erase. Now that the Blue Planet lineage is gradually strengthening, if we’re still afraid of Emperor Shi and refuse to attack for a long time, the geniuses of the Blue Planet lineage will increase in number and become stronger and stronger,” the Vermillion Bird super divine said. “Green Dragon, your killing intent was the strongest previously, but later on, you were the first to say that we have to delay the conflict. You said that you would find a safer method.

Have you found it now?”

“Of course,” the Green Dragon super divine said. “Even if the other party knows it’s us, we definitely can’t attack personally.”

“Heh, this Blue Planet bloodline is really domineering. They can destroy the Assassin Planet just like that, but if they can destroy the Assassin Planet, can they destroy the cosmic overlord army? Can they destroy the Dark King Army?”

“Shi Yu contracted a cleansing star spirit and contracted so many pets. No matter what, he will head to the Void Battlefield sooner or later. A person like him won’t be willing to cower on the World King Planet.”

“At that time, the super divine of the Blue Planet lineage won’t be able to protect him all the time.”

“On the battlefield, there are the Dark King Army and the Death Mercenaries of the cosmic overlord army.”

“Letting him die on the battlefield is the best choice. At most, I’ll let him grow for a period of time. When he feels that he’s strong enough, it’s also time for him to die.’

“In the World King Planet, the more talented they are, the faster they die. This is because they are confident in their strength, especially those divine-level geniuses who try to challenge super divines above their level. They often die the fastest.’

“What we need to do is guide Shi Yu to the battlefield to try to challenge a super divine above his level and let him ‘die of arrogance’.”

“l understand the logic, but what should we do?” The White Tiger super divine said, “He’s not an ordinary divine-level genius. If he chooses a super divine challenge that exceeds transcendent 1, even if he loses, the other party might not necessarily be able to stop him. If he wins, it will be even more of a disaster.’

“Take a step back. What if he doesn’t go to the battlefield?”

“Leave it to me. This is a meticulous and complicated trap,” the Green Dragon super divine said.

“He has to go!’

“F*ck, you’re really smart (big idiot),” the Black Tortoise super divine suddenly said.

Green Dragon: “?”

“You’re scolding me?” The Green Dragon super divine was angry. Black Tortoise said, “Go and see the news headlines that just appeared.”

The three super divines: “?”

The top trending topic in the news!

It should have been about the God Sealing Battle, but today’s situation was really special.

That was because, at the edge of the Cosmic Sea, the Environmental Protection Army and the Dark King Army finally collided head-on. Both parties launched an all-out attack and started a battle!

It involved nearly 20 super divines and a huge battle in dozens of star domains!

The name of the person who accelerated the battle made the super divines of the Four Holy Family widen their eyes.

On the news, it was Bing Lings mobilization before the battle.

The main content of the mobilization was that the Environmental Protection Army had already successfully killed an abyss super divine that was of transcendent 2, the abyss super divine, Benos!

As for the person who killed Benos… his name was Shi Yu!

This was what the news said. After the Environmental Protection Association’s Shi Yu and Susu went deep into the enemy, they killed the abyss super divine Benos and the abyss army of a star domain alone in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

In the defense line of the Dark King Army, a huge gap was opened, laying a solid foundation for the final victory of the Environmental Protection Army.

It had to be said that Shi Yu e s battle results were indeed useful. It immediately stimulated the fighting spirit of the Environmental Protection Army, letting them know that there was such a future star and super genius in the Environmental Protection Army.

A divine-level expert had hunted a super divine transcendent 2 above his level and even succeeded. This was simply a textbook miracle battle.

All the attention of the Dark King Army was on the super divine. In this battle, both parties had a peak super divine presiding over them. The super divine source or transcenctence was like tne sun to tne peak or tne super divine. 11 a super divine level entered the range of the Dark King Army, it would definitely be sensed immediately. Therefore, it was almost impossible to suddenly attack and kill a super divine and open an opening on the battlefield. This was because if they wanted to do it, they could only do it by the divine level. Moreover, they couldn’t enter the enemy’s range head-on.

However, how could there be so many divine-levels that could kill super divines? Therefore, Shi Yu and the others were considered to have been stuck in a huge bug. Be it Susu or Beast Shi Yu, who didn’t have the source of transcendence, they were both “weak” existences that were extremely difficult to detect in the Dark King Army. Moreover, they had passed through from the remote Blue Planet, so it was even harder to detect.

If they could obtain a huge victory in this battle, Shi Yu t s contribution would undoubtedly be huge.

“No, impossible!!!” After seeing this news, the super divines of the Four Holy Family were directly stunned.

Especially the Green Dragon super divine. It originally planned to use the power of the enemy super divine to kill Shi Yu after he grew up. In the end, Shi

Yu… This…

“l don’t believe it! The Green Dragon super divine was extremely shocked.

At this moment, the entire World King Planet was shocked. Another enemy super divine had fallen!

Moreover, it died in the hands of a divine-level genius.

Most importantly, this genius was only a quasi-divine a year ago, Everyone was shocked by such a ridiculous battle result.

When the geniuses who were still fighting Shi Yu in the God Sealing Battle a year ago saw this news, their expressions were numb, and their eyes were shocked. It was difficult to understand.

Those super divine realm lords in high positions also fell into deep thought. They looked in the direction of the Dong Huang Realm and felt that another invincible epoch god had been born.. How long had it been since such a terrifying divine level appeared on the World King Planet…?