Chapter 1647 - Chapter 1647: Gradually Understanding Everything (1)

Chapter 1647: Gradually Understanding Everything (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Senior Panda’s energetic arrival seemed to have dispersed the fatigue of exploring the ruins.

The evolution path of the Iron-eating Beast in the last era?

When Shi Yu heard Senior Panda’s voice, he was also overjoyed.

He was pressed for time the last time he explored the ruins and didn’t pay too much attention. Now that Senior Panda had gained something, it was undoubtedly the first surprise from the feedback of this ruin.

“Wuuu! Upon hearing the new evolution form, Eleven took a step forward, raised its arm, and danced around.

“Hehe.” After Senior Panda arrived, she said, “Moreover, the evolution method is very simple. There’s no need for external objects at all. You just have to rely on the Iron-eating Beast’s own strength.”

“Oh?” Shi Yu said, “The kind of evolution that optimizes one’s race? The threshold is at the totem level?”

Totem-level creatures could optimize their bloodlines and evolve on their own. If they didn’t use the evolution resources of the outside world, Shi Yu would have thought of this immediately.

“No, no, no,” the panda senior said. “It’s fine at the Awakening level, but…”

“However, it requires a hardening skill at the Dao Proficiency level and a certain talent,” Senior Panda said with a smile.

Dao Proficiency, this proficiency level, had already been popularized in Dong Huang through Shi Yu.

When a super skill was trained to Dao Proficiency, there was a chance to advance to a quasi-divine skill.

As for quasi-divine skills, they were the key to the evolution of ordinary races into Mythical Races.

Requiring the hardening of Dao Proficiency… This condition was already very simple in Shi Yu and the others’ current realm. After all, it was only a low-level skill.

Even super skills weren’t difficult. After the revival of the Blue Planet’s laws, the skill level had already improved a lot. Apart from that, many resources to increase comprehension talent had also appeared.

Transcendence was no longer the highest skill level pursued by Beast Tamers.

“It’s probably because the Iron-eating Beast needs to use the Hardening Skill to modify itself, just like how it circulates the ‘cultivation method’. After mastering it, it can evolve and awaken new skills.” “It’s still hardening.”

“How about this? Flower, come, show Shi Yu.

Under Senior Panda’s call, the panda on her shoulder crawled down. “Wait, your ‘found’ means that you’ve already ‘successfully evolved!?”

“Of course,” Senior Panda said proudly, puffing out her chest.

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and said, “Alright, the progress is much faster than I imagined.”

“Actually, it’s all thanks to the Cultivation Fruit and the World Tree Fruit.” The panda senior shook her head and said, “I can feel that without the support of your resources, even if we were given a few years, it would be impossible to enter this evolution method.”

“Practicing this is too difficult. It’s dozens of times more difficult than training the proficiency of super skills. It even involves the modification of the brain.”

“You guys are still powerful enough,” Shi Yu said. “Alright, quickly let me take a look.”

“No problem.” Lin Xiuzhu smiled. In the next moment, she looked at her Iron-eating Beast. This Iron-eating Beast let out a cry and began to show a new evolution form that was no longer restrained.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Its entire body emitted a spatial vibration sound. Its eyes were deep, and black hardening substance flowed on its body…

In the next moment, a huge aura erupted. Law patterns lingered on Senior Panda’s Iron-eating Beast. With a whoosh, two new pairs of arms and two new heads grew on the Iron-eating Beast.

“Roar!!” The three-headed and six-armed Iron-eating Beast roared, its aura sweeping out.

“Three heads and six arms?” Shi Yu was surprised. Was this the evolution path of the Iron-eating Beast in the last era?

To be honest, it didn’t give Shi Yu much of a surprise. This was because even in this era, there were many similar evolution methods, such as Little Quas optimizing itself into a three-headed snake.

A long time ago, Shi Yu had also encountered a Ming Hua Beast Tamer who had mastered the three-headed and six-armed Beast Taming Talent.

At this moment, Shi Yu could indeed sense that Senior Lin’s panda had become stronger. It should have reached the Mythical Race.

Of course, Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry to deny it. He understood that this form might not be the key. The key was what accompanying skills the Iron-eating Beast had mastered after evolution.

“It’s not over!” At this moment, under Shi Yu’s witness, Senior Panda took out six swords from her spatial equipment. Every level had reached Level 7, so it wasn’t high.

She threw the swords and sabers to the three-headed and six-armed Iron-eating Beast one by one. After her six arms took the swords and sabers one by one, under Shi Yu’s slightly stunned expression, the Iron-eating Beast’s strength increased further. Soon, with its overlord body, it temporarily approached the strength of a demigod.

At this level, it was no longer inferior to Shi Yu’s pet’s battle power at the overlord level. At the overlord level, it was close to a demigod!

“What’s this?” Shi Yu asked.

“After the Iron-eating Beast evolves, it will awaken a new skill.” “This new skill is a quasi-divine skill. It’s called ‘Weapon Control’.”

“No matter what divine weapon it is, as long as I hold it in my hand, I can immediately control them perfectly like I’m controlling my hands and feet. I can display 200% of the power of this weapon and increase my battle power greatly.”

“The Iron-eating Beast’s three heads and six arms should also have evolved to match this skill. Six arms can allow it to control more weapons. Three heads can allow it to react faster and multitask.’

“The Chi You Army is very proficient in using weapons.”

“I see. Arms expert, this is the first time I’ve seen such a skill,” Shi Yu said. On World King Planet, he had never heard of any arms expert skill. At most, it was a single weapon expert. For example, the Sword Dao Will and Sword Body Chi

Tong had previously mastered could allow it to have a higher mastery of Sword Arms, but compared to this arms expert, there was clearly a small difference..