Chapter 1640 - Chapter 1640: Skill Of Blue Planet’S Will (4)

Chapter 1640: Skill of Blue Planet’s Will (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Emperor Kong said, “l…”

Why didn’t it contract with him? Did it look down on his power projection?

Blue Planet’s Will shook its head and said, “There are some restrictions to the Star Contract. For example, the upper limit of the number of contracts is 10. At that time, you had yet to grow to super divine battle power.”0

“Do you want to learn it?”

“Mimi!! (Learn, learn!)” Little Zi’ s eyes lit up.

What kind of abnormal skill was this?

Little Zi had already started to imagine summoning their power projections to fight after signing a contract with Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng.

She, Little Zi, was known as Little Shi Yu!

“It’s very similar to phantom illusions.” Shi Yu also fell into deep thought. However, it should be higher than the upper limit of phantom illusions.

At this moment, the Space Emperor clearly realized the power of this skill. He took a deep breath and nodded heavily.

Then. the Space Emperor first ran back to the World King Planet and retracted

the Floating Planet outside the World King Planet. He returned to Blue Planet and released the Floating Planet outside Blue Planet.

Shi Yu also temporarily entrusted Little Zi to the Blue Planet’s Will to let Little Zi learn the Star Contract skill in peace.

This skill was undoubtedly an attack skill. It looked like a contract, but on the outside, it was written in a distorted manner: pulling external help+group fight+cheating.

Apart from Little Zi who wanted to learn, Shi Yu also let Ling out and let it refine the lucky star. Apart from that, Susu originally wanted to learn Cold Silence, but because he was worried that the enemy of the Dark King Army would attack again, Shi Yu didn’t let it learn for the time being.

Skill: Cold Silence

[Learning Method]: It has an ice-element and time-element physique. Through refining a star, it will refine a star that has been corroded by Cold Silence and contains the power of Cold Silence into a resource that is compatible with it. Then, through Infinite Devour, it will devour this resource. During the digestion process, there is a chance of successfully comprehending it. The success rate of learning depends on the user’s talent and comprehension.

In fact, when Shi Yu was exchanging the ice and snow stars that had been corroded by the Cold Silence disaster, he had yet to use the index to deduce the learning method of Cold Silence.

Refining the Cold Silence Star and planning to let Susu evolve through the

Infinite Devour Devour and combine it with the upgrade skill of the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy was all Shi Yu’s own speculation. To Shi Yu!s surprise, the method deduced by the index was the same as his deduction. This made Shi Yu feel helpless. He felt that he had wasted his physical strength for no reason.

In this learning method, Shi Yu estimated that the process of devouring the planet would definitely consume a lot of time. After all, the target of devour was a divine-level star, so the current situation wasn’t suitable for Susu to devour and sleep.

It would be bad if the enemy attacked while she was sleeping.

Of course, Shi Yu had also thought of a way to shorten the time. That was to increase the proficiency of Star Refinement, Infinite Devour, and Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.

However, this kind of thing wasn’t urgent. At the moment, there were more important things to do on Blue Planet.

Apart from Shi Yu and the Space Emperor, who came immediately, the super divines of the Dark King Army also descended on Blue Planet one by one.

After understanding the situation a little, the Phoenix Race super divine said,

“Why don’t Blue Planet start moving?”

“It’s still not as safe as in the Cosmic Sea in this border area.’

The dragon super divine said, “That’s right. Blue Planet is in a period of high-speed development. After the development stabilizes and the speed decreases, it’s not too late to leave the Cosmic Sea and go to the undeveloped star area to collect resources.’

Soon, they also planned to return to Blue Planet to cultivate in seclusion… Who could withstand super divine attacks at every turn?

“We agree too.” Emperor Kong and Shi Yu had no objections.

The current Blue Planet wasn’t in urgent need of resources to develop and had no choice but to open up its own territory.

Only by developing steadily in the Cosmic Sea could the benefits be maximized.

“Alright, the Cosmic Sea?” Blue Planet’s Will looked at the starry sky, looking forward to meeting other high-level stars and even the World King Planet.

“Cosmic Sea! However, there’s no hurry to set off.”

“Wait another month!” Shi Yu laughed and scratched his head. “l still have something to do in this Star Domain…”

“Don’t tell me you want to wait for that super divine to come again and detonate the source of transcendence?” The Space Emperor was silent.

“How could this be! It’s a ruin, a ruin!”

Before leaving, Shi Yu had a place he had to go to. It was the Chi You Ruins that Goddess Wa mentioned. If Blue Planet left the existing coordinates and he couldn’t enter the era ruins, Shi Yu would have nowhere to cry.

Therefore, after preparing, Shi Yu arrived at the coordinates Goddess Wa mentioned. Dong Huang Continent, Divine Capital!

Buggy had evolved into the Butterfly of Imagination and participated in the Butterfly Meeting.

He realized that the location of the Chi You Ruins was coincidentally in the crowded Divine Capital University. This was troublesome…

“From the looks of it, the ancient words similar to an ancient language on Earth discovered in the Ancient Capital should have been circulated from other era ruins.” When Shi Yu walked into Divine Capital University, it was noon..