Chapter 1641 - Chapter 1641: Chi You Ruins (1)

Chapter 1641: Chi You Ruins (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As it was noon, the school was very lively. The students who had just finished class went to eat or bought delivery food…

Shi Yu walked in the crowd. What made Shi Yu very uncomfortable was that no student recognized him.

Did he become handsome again recently?

Or did the students think that it was impossible for God Shi Yu to appear here and not dare greet him?

When Shi Yu shook his head, he was suddenly stunned. This was because he discovered two familiar figures passing by.

One was a beautiful woman in a butterfly-patterned cheongsam, and the other was a young woman in a black and white panda outfit. They passed by and chatted and laughed, not paying attention to their surroundings. They were paid more attention than Shi Yu. Vaguely, they could hear students whispering about “Hua Xiajin legend” and “Lin Xiuzhu legend”.

This made Shi Yu’s face darken. Damn, when did Senior Panda become more famous than him? He trembled in anger. When could a male Beast Tamer stand up… Of course, Shi Yu judged that even if President Lin and Divine Source Legendary stood here, these students wouldn’t be able to recognize them.

“Senior Panda.” In short, Shi Yu didn’t expect Lin Xiuzhu to be here either. He subconsciously shouted.

This voice made Legend Hua and Lin Xiuzhu suddenly stop. Lin Xiuzhu revealed a puzzled expression. Senior Panda?

What was this title? Why was this voice so familiar?

She turned to look at Shi Yu. At this moment, Shi Yu only wanted to slap himself.

He accidentally said what was on his mind.

Senior Panda, was that something you could call randomly?

“Cough, Senior Lin, why are you here?” Shi Yu tried to remedy the situation and waved as if nothing had happened.

“Shi Yu???” Lin Xiuzhu and Legend Hua looked at the young man in front of them in surprise. Similarly, they didn’t expect Shi Yu to appear at Divine Capital University.

“Holy shit, Shi Yu??” At this moment, a passerby finally noticed Shi Yu and spoke in shock. It was even more strange than seeing a mythical creature descend. Pairs of big eyes landed on Shi Yue

“Shi Yu!! It’s a living Shi Yu!!”

That day.

The number one trending topic on the Dong Huang Network became Shi Yu’s shocking appearance at Divine Capital University.

As for the second trending topic… Heavenly King Zou fought the Rongguang exchange team alone and won a huge victory against the legendary Knight of Rongguang!

In a quiet garden in Divine Capital University, Shi Yu snapped his fingers and teleported Senior Lu, Legend Hua, and himself here. The roadside just now was clearly not suitable for communication.

“Let’s teleport. There are too many people over there.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Aunt Hua, Senior Lin, you haven’t said anything yet. Why are you here?”

Senior Panda smiled and said, “l also want to know why you’re here… Aunt

Hua and I were invited to help.”

“Yeah, Shi Yu, it’s more strange for you to appear in such a place, right?” Hua Xiajin’s legend smiled and said, “Even if you appear in a university, shouldn’t it be Ancient Capital University? Or are you specially here to find Xiu Zhu?” Senior Panda was speechless. “How is that possible?”

Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment and said, “Actually, there’s a special ruin at Divine Capital University. I came to take a look.”

“Well, but from the looks of it, there seem to be a little too many people here. I’ll have to trouble the principal to give the students here a week off first. After all, I can’t guarantee if anything will happen here next.” He touched his chin and fell into deep thought.

The era ruin… The era ruin suspected to be a battlefield wasn’t easy to deal with.

“Ruin?” Lin Xiuzhu said, “What ruins are there now that can interest you?”

She had heard from Senior Lu that even the Mythical Ruins on Blue Planet made Shi Yu lose interest.

“It’s related to the origin of the Iron-eating Beast. It’s the real origin, not the recognized one in the archeological world now,” Shi Yu said.

“Huh???” The panda senior was stunned. “Iron-eating Beast? Really?”

“Of course. Do you want to take a look together?” Shi Yu smiled. He knew that this guy would definitely be interested after saying it.

At this moment, Senior Panda and Legend Hua looked at each other and fell into deep thought.

“Shi Yu, where did you get the news?” Senior Lin asked.

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but be curious when he saw Senior Lin so surprised.

“Actually, we came this time to solve a supernatural incident related to the Iron-eating Beast,” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“Therefore, when I heard you mention the Iron-eating Beast, I was wondering if it was related to the Iron-eating Beast Ruins you mentioned.”

Shi Yu was surprised. “Tell me in detail, what happened to you?”

The panda senior said, “Probably not long ago, Divine Capital University had a

Beast Tamer who contracted an Iron-eating Beast. He often had strange dreams.’

“In the strange dream, he dreamed that he had become a soldier riding an Iron-eating Beast. Then, he went to the battlefield and was killed.” “Generally speaking, normal people will only think that this is an ordinary nightmare, but then, there were several Beast Tamers who contracted Iron-eating Beasts in Divine Capital University who had such dreams.

Moreover, after they woke up, they were very tired.”

“Divine Capital University hired a mental doctor and also carefully checked

Divine Capital University, but they didn’t find anything unusual.”

“Then, Divine Capital University gave these students a collective leave. During the holidays, they didn’t have this strange dream, but after returning, a new round of dreams began…”

“During this period, Divine Capital University also studied it themselves and hired other Iron-eating Beast Tamers to stay in the school. The outcome was the same. These Beast Tamers also had similar dreams..