Chapter 1649 - Chapter 1649: Gradually Understanding Everything (3)

Chapter 1649: Gradually Understanding Everything (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Chi You, why aren’t you surrendering?”

Familiar voices sounded, making Shi Yu’s expression darken.

Previously, he was a soldier and could still slack off. This time, he directly became Ying Longs hunting target. He couldn’t slack off even if he wanted to.

Although it was a dream, Shi Yu felt that he was too filial to participate in the battle of a group of ancestors and even beat up a few.

“Forget it, it’s a dream anyway. Eleven, let’s go!’

Shi Yu and Eleven walked out of the tent under the confused expressions of the bull beast and the bird beast and arrived at the center of the battlefield.

“Boss! Seeing Shi Yu appear, many crippled soldiers shouted excitedly.

At this moment, Shi Yu only had eyes for the golden dragon in the sky.

“Chi You, surrender,” Emperor Huang said in the clouds, thinking that this battle was definitely won.

As an orthodox, he had already obtained the recognition of the world. Even if Chi You was stronger than him, he definitely wouldn’t lose with the help of Ying Long.

“Hahahaha.” Shi Yu smiled and directly activated his Beast Taming Talent, Spirit Taiji Domain.

In the next moment, the phantom of the eleven heavenly layers appeared behind Shi Yu.

A realm formed.

The entire battlefield was instantly covered by the Taiji Domain. Above the eleventh heavenly layer, two stars appeared, and a pair of Yin Yang fish surrounded Shi Yu.

“Roar! Standing in the Taiji Domain, Eleven kept enlarging to a few hundred meters. It stopped after having a size that could resist Ying Long.

At that moment, as Shi Yu displayed his strength, Ying Long and the others revealed incredulous expressions. “What’s this?”

“Chi You still has a trump card!”

“Roar! ! !

After enlarging, Eleven directly gave Ying Long a greeting gift. Yin Yang divine power flowed in its body and directly activated One Thought of God and

Demon. God and demon coexisted on its body, and it slashed its palm at Ying Long.

“Roar!!”

The huge Ying Long couldn’t react to Eleven’s attack and was instantly sent flying to a nearby mountain, blasting several mountains before stopping.

“The power of Taiji… Impossible. It’s impossible for Chi You to master such power.”

Emperor Huang was shocked. After seeing that Chi You’s third-ranked mount pet could even smash over to assist his strongest trump card, Ying Long, he was extremely confused.

Similarly confused were Chi You’s bull beast and bird beast. These two pets were Chi You’s true capable subordinates.

On the other hand, the Iron-eating Beast dragged down a lot in the previous battle. In the end, Chi You even turned it into a weapon to use to avoid being dragged down again.

However, from just now, they had felt that there was something wrong with Chi You and that Iron-eating Beast.

Now, seeing that the Iron-eating Beast had sent Ying Long flying and directly defeated them, the cow, beast, and bird beast were completely stunned.

What was going on?

“Who exactly admitted defeat?” Shi Yu floated in the sky. Under the black and white stars, he was like Eleven, a god and a demon. He was extremely domineering.

Seeing that Eleven, who was both a god and a demon, could indeed temporarily suppress Ying Long with his support, he laughed out loud and felt that it was very exciting.

However, Shi Yu also understood that this was only a temporary suppression.

Eleven’s body couldn’t maintain the One Thought of God and Demon for long. The level of the physique skill was too different from the One Thought of God and Demon.

Moreover, there were still many experts on the Huang Emperor’s side who had yet to attack, such as the Heavenly Maiden Ba who had come from the upper world and defeated the Fengbo Rain Master.

Of course, the power system displayed by Shi Yu was definitely something

Ying Long and the other gods had never seen on Chi You before. Of course, Shi Yu could only do this. He couldn’t use Chi You’s power at all and could only use his own.

However, the three ancestors weren’t very strong at this stage. Even the invincible Ying Long only had the battle power of an era divine and super divine. Shi Yu felt that he could deal with it himself.

[Unfortunately, I can only use my own power system. If I can use Chi You’s power system to fight, I might be able to learn more.]

[It’s not a problem to use its own system, but there’s no time to learn… If only Beast Shi Yu could also enter a dream. He can fight himself and let it learn.

Then, we can split the work.]

As Shi Yu muttered in his heart, a change suddenly occurred in the mental connection, surprising Shi Yu slightly.

He suddenly felt a mental connection with Beast Shi Yu.

It was as if it could summon Beast Shi Yu at any time.

“It really works?” Shi Yu was stunned.

At this moment, in the distance, Ying Long flew up again. Its body was heavily injured by the black and white lightning. However, the first thing it did when it flew up this time was not to counterattack, but to say, “You’re not Chi You.

Who are you?”

“You’re not Chi You,” Emperor Huang and the others also said.

“Of course…” Shi Yu was just about to talk nonsense, but at this moment, even Chi You, who was possessed by Shi Yu, began to reject him, stunning Shi Yu.

“Uh ah! ! !”

“Get out.”

Accompanied by an uncontrollable roar from Chi You’s body, Shi Yu’s spirit seemed to be squeezed out of Chi You’s body.

This made Shi Yu curse. It wasn’t like he wanted to possess this lousy man.

It’s your obsession that let me enter your body, and you’re the one who wants me to get out now.

Why was it so difficult to be a good person and help you get rid of your obsession?

As Shi Yu cursed, he was still squeezed out of his body by Chi You. However, to Shi Yu’s surprise, after he came out, he wasn’t in a form like a soul, nor was he a spiritual body, let alone awakening.

Instead, it gradually materialized into Beast Shi Yu..