Chapter 1646 - Chapter 1646: Battle Of The Era (4)

Chapter 1646: Battle of the Era (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Wait, do you want to call Junior Bai, Senior Emperor Wu, and the others to explore together? This way, the progress might be faster,” said Senior Panda.

“Senior Emperor Wu is fighting the God Sealing Battle. It’ll probably take another half a month to end. Senior White Brook’s strength is about the same as yours… Forget it,” Shi Yu said impoverished. “Baby Ginseng still has to assist Eleven in its cultivation. There are too many people exploring. Its supplements won’t be able to supply them.”

“Is that so?” The panda senior nodded and felt the pressure increase. This time, whether the exploration could produce results… depended on her.

“Don’t worry, I believe you. It’s related to the cultivation of the Iron-eating

Beast. Senior, you’re the strongest!”

“Don’t do this…”

“Truth,” Shi Yu said with a smile. If not for the skill index, he wouldn’t have been able to develop so many Iron-eating Beast skills like Senior Panda’s family.

After raising the Iron-eating Beast for so long, Senior Panda had surpassed her master and obtained all of Senior Ji Mengzhu’s teachings. Her current cultivation EXP for the Iron-eating Beast shouldn’t even be comparable to Emperor Wu.

After all, it was also Senior Ji Mengzhu who helped feed Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast at that time.

“Let’s talk to Aunt Hua about the situation of the first exploration first. The holidays of Divine Capital University will probably still be delayed. This battlefield ruin is very dangerous. If it completely descends, the obsession might materialize the battlefield and cause huge damage,” Shi Yu said with a sigh.

He might have to ask Senior Space Emperor to come and strengthen the seal of the ruins. He would see if the battle in Dream World could dispel his obsession first.

“Alright,” said the panda senior.

Next, Shi Yu decided to split the work with Senior Panda to crack the ruins.

Senior Panda took a side mission and tried to explore the power system of the Nine Li Horde’s Chi You Army in the previous era.

As for Shi Yu, he was preparing for the main storyline to see if he could obtain benefits from Chi You’s obsession by defeating Ying Long.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, the difficulty of this main mission was even greater than Susu defeating the abyss super divine. After all, the strength displayed by that Ying Long in the dream world was comparable to super divine battle power.

It was almost impossible for Eleven to defeat it without the battle power of an epoch god.

Of course, although it was difficult, as long as Shi Yu was given time, it shouldn’t be a problem. After breaking through to the divine level, Eleven had yet to start adding points. All the divine skills’ proficiency was still below expert level.

As long as he added all the divine skills to perfection, he could definitely fight the other party even if he didn’t defeat it.

At that time, with Chi You’s obsession, he might not lose.

And it all the points were added to the perfect state (Pertect+47), although it wasn’t an epoch god yet, with the quality of Eleven’s skills and him, it shouldn’t be a problem to wait for an epoch god.

Therefore, in the end, if he wanted to crack this ruin, he had to add points.

Somewhere in Divine Capital, Shi Yu found a place that wasn’t affected by the ruins and settled down.

He summoned Susu and the others and said, “Susu, don’t eat the crown first. Come and support Eleven’s points first.”

“Ning!” Susu looked at Shi Yu eagerly and asked if it couldn’t enter the dream world?

If possible, it could deal with Ying Long!

“Ji! Buggy also wanted to fight Ying Long.

Between the Green Dragon and Ying Long, which was stronger?

It felt that the Green Dragon should be stronger. After all, one was at the cosmic level in the last era, while Ying Long looked to only have super divine battle power.

Unfortunately… it couldn’t enter Shi Yu’s dream. This made Buggy very confused.

“Wuu… (Don’t be like this.)” Eleven stood on Shi Yu’s shoulder and protested. Ying Long was clearly its experience bag. Could it be that it was going to be snatched away too?

“The power of the era ruins is that strange. If it could easily change the rules, there wouldn’t be so many era ruins in World King Planet and the universe that no one could crack.”

“You have to know that even cosmic overlords have era ruins that can’t be cracked,” Shi Yu said.

“Yiya-” The pets nodded. Alright, they looked at Eleven. Then they would assist Eleven in adding points first.

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven bowed to its teammates.

Next, Shi Yu and Senior Panda stayed near Divine Capital University and started to split the work.

With the help of Shi Yu’s resources, the senior entered the dream ruins day after day to explore.

As for Shi Yu, he added points in the outside world.

Just like that, half a month passed in the blink of an eye. At this moment, the God Sealing Battle on World King Planet should have already ended. Another powerful perfect god was also born in Shi Yu’s team.

< Name > Eleven

Skill:

“Divine-level”: Yin Yang Millstone (Perfect), Battle God Body (Perfect), Eight

Trigrams Clone (Perfect), One Thought of God and Demon (Perfect+47), Light

Control (Perfect), Dark Control (Perfect), Metal Control (Perfect), Star

Refinement (Perfect)

From the high-level divine battle Dower half a month ago, with the suDDort of

a bunch of pets, Eleven directly had the battle power of an epoch god. As Shi Yu mainly added points to the self-mutilating explosive skill, One Thought of God and Demon, perhaps Eleven could instantly have the battle power of an epoch god now.

As the saying went, good things came in pairs. After Shi Yu temporarily completed a small goal, Senior Panda worked hard to explore for half a month and finally gained something.

“Shi Yu! Lin Xiuzhu, who was wearing a panda suit, came to Shi Yu in surprise. “I got something.”

“Are you there!”

“I found the evolution path of the Iron-eating Beast in the last era!!”