Chapter 1645 - Chapter 1645: Battle Of The Era (3)

Chapter 1645: Battle of the Era (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

It looked like maintaining a lucid dream consumed a lot of energy.

“You’re awake.” At this moment, a gentle voice came from the side. Shi Yu looked over and realized that Senior Panda woke up earlier than him. She was also haggard and drenched in sweat. She was clearly shocked by the scene in the dream.

“Senior, are you alright?” “I’m fine.’

“As long as you’re fine.”

Shi Yu said, “Do you still have any impression of what you experienced in the dream?”

The panda senior said, “Well, I seem to have become a logistics unit in the army that takes care of the iron-eating beasts. Then, I heard a drumbeat and the war began. Flower and I were no match for those soldiers at all. We were quickly killed and woke up.”

“Is that so…” Shi Yu said, “Did you see a battle between a dragon and an Iron-eating Beast?”

“No…” The panda senior was stunned.

“l understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Wu wu vvu!!!” At this moment, Eleven was still sulking at the side. Clearly, it was very unconvinced by the outcome of its crushing.

“Looks like the situation everyone experiences after entering the dream is different.’

Shi Yu felt that what he had experienced should be the final battle between Emperor Huang and Chi You. Ying Long had helped Emperor Huang kill Chi

You.

At this moment, the Chi You Army was a beaten army in total collapse. The soldiers didn’t have much strength left.

However, what Senior Panda experienced should still be the previous battle.

When it came to Shi Yu, all the logistics troops would have long been gone.

“Did you discover anything useful?” Senior Panda asked. “I discovered that the Iron-eating Beast evolution system over there is different from ours. Apart from that… the human cultivation system seems to be different from ours.”

“Every soldier… is very strong.”

“Yes, I roughly know how this era ruin was born,” Shi Yu said.

Next, Shi Yu recounted what he had experienced in the ruins to Senior Panda.

“On both sides of the war, one is Emperor Huang, and the other is Chi You. The outcome of the battle is Chi You’s death.”

“However, because Chi You is very strong, he developed an unwilling obsession with the outcome of his death. His obsession turned into an era ruin.”

“Therefore, if you want this ruin to not affect the outside world and crack the ruin, the way is to unlock Chi You’s obsession and help him defeat the Ying Long that killed him in the obsession world.”

“This…” Senior Panda was shocked. “Can you do that? Didn’t you say that you and Eleven were also instantly…”

“Wu wu wu!”

Shi Yu scratched his head with both hands and said, “This is actually not the main thing.”

“The main thing is that this dream world isn’t simple. Although it’s only formed by the obsession of an expert, the composition of the entire illusory world has many inheritances from the last era.”

“Just like the different evolution paths of the Iron-eating Beasts you’ve seen, the strange skills mastered by the soldiers… might be able to be learned.”

“In the Dream World, Eleven and I tried to learn the power system of the previous era, but because the time was too short, we didn’t succeed.”

“Of course, if I successfully unseal Chi You’s obsession, I might be able to obtain greater benefits. However, it’s not easy. It’s even harder than the one I mentioned,” Shi Yu said.

“Then… what should we do next?” the panda senior said.

“Of course it’s to try to crack it,” Shi Yu said. “Senior, you’re still relatively awake in the dream, right?”

“Yes.” Senior Panda nodded

Shi Yu said, “How about this? Next, enter the dream ruins one or two times a day. I’ll get Baby Ginseng to provide you with enough World Tree Fruits, Cultivation Fruits, and spiritual nourishing food.”

“Help me as much as possible to collect useful information and the power system of the last era in the ruins world.”

“Finally, pass your learning results to me through Susu’s inheritance water drop.”

“What about you?” asked the panda senior.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “You’ve realized, right? After we enter the dream world, our real strength can be incorporated.”

“Although it’s only a portion of strength… related to the Iron-eating Beast.” Shi Yu looked at Eleven.

“But it’s enough, so I wonder if I can enter the ruins again after increasing my strength in the outside world and see if I can defeat that Ying Long and crack the ruins.”

“I have a way to quickly increase Eleven’s strength, but this way, I can’t be distracted from entering the ruins to explore in the short term. I need someone to help me enter the ruins to collect information to avoid wasting too much time.”

“Alright.” Senior Panda didn’t doubt that Shi Yu couldn’t do it. She said, “Then we’ll do as you say.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’ll do it as soon as possible. If you feel any discomfort after entering the dream multiple times, you can stop at any time. However, with Baby Ginseng’s supplements, it shouldn’t be a problem.”

“Yes,” the panda senior said. “But I really didn’t expect the Iron-eating Beast Corps of the last era to be so strong.”

“Of course,” Shi Yu said. “But if you can gain anything, Senior, you should be able to use it on the Iron-eating Beast Corps of this era.”

“Oh right.” Senior Panda’s eyes lit up. Entering the ruins to explore many times seemed to be an opportunity to increase her Enhancement strength. If she and Flower could also learn the power system of the last era, she would definitely be able to achieve good results in world competitions. She might not be inferior to Senior Emperor Wu, Senior Lu, and the others…