Chapter 1648 - Chapter 1648: Gradually Understanding Everything (2)

Chapter 1648: Gradually Understanding Everything (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

From Flower’s performance just now, the powerful thing about this skill was that even if the weapon had nothing to do with the user and was purely an external object, it could immediately be expertly used.

He didn’t remember when Senior Lin’s Iron-eating Beast would use swords… But from the looks of it, the other party’s control over swords was no longer inferior to or even exceeded most Sword Spirit Races.

“How is it? Is this skill powerful?” Senior Panda felt that it was very powerful, but she didn’t understand. She needed Shi Yu to analyze it.

“Very strong, and the future is promising. On the World King Planet, there are many ancient divine weapons, even era divine weapons. They don’t have life and purely have powerful strength. No one can control them at all. Perhaps, the control of this weapon can control them to further strengthen the Iron-eating Beast. ”

“Also, didn’t those soldiers in the ruins battlefield master the ability to turn pets into weapons? Not only can Beast Tamers use this beast soldier themselves, but they might also be able to give it to Iron-eating Beasts who know how to control weapons. At that time, it’s equivalent to two pets fusing, and it’s not an ordinary fusion. Their battle power will also increase greatly.”

“This ability is top-notch even on World King Planet, let alone Blue Planet.”

“Great.” Senior Panda was excited.

Shi Yu was telling the truth. What power could a skill from the last era display with the divine weapons left behind from the last era? Shi Yu didn’t know, but it definitely couldn’t be weak.

Of course, this wasn’t the key for Shi Yu. Shi Yu felt that the evolution system of the three-headed and six-armed panda was a little inferior to that of the Chaos Panda.

However, although it was a little lacking, Shi Yu could accept this weapon control skill with a smile.

After all, his pets all had Star Refinement skills and their own exclusive weapons. The Weapon Control might be able to make them even more powerful when using their Star Arms.

“Then I’ll pass these EXP to you through the inheritance water droplet now?” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“There’s no hurry. Apart from these, are there any other gains?”

Lin Xiuzhu shook his head and said, “No, my exploration direction is the evolution of the iron-eating beasts and the cultivation system of the humans of the last era. Among them, the progress of the Iron-eating Beasts is pretty good, but the feeling I get from the humans… It’s as if the humans of our era are not the same species as the humans of the last era.”

“The cultivation system is completely incompatible.”

“On the other hand, the Iron-eating Beasts are definitely the same species.” “You feel that way too?” Shi Yu was stunned and fell into deep thought.

The last time he entered the ruins and wanted to comprehend the ability of those soldiers to turn their pets into weapons, he also felt this way. He clearly felt that the skill was right in front of him and he could learn it immediately, but his body…

[Brain: I know it.]

[Body: No, you won’t.]

“It’s alright. There are more solutions than difficulties,” Shi Yu said. He already had an idea.

That was, he would let his brain learn it first. As for whether his body knew how to do it, it didn’t matter.

If the humans of this era were really not suitable to cultivate the system of the previous era, then… what about Beast Shi Yu?

Beast Shi Yu was a life form from the last era.

Perhaps he could use his consciousness to control Beast Shi Yu to cultivate the power of those soldiers?

“Senior, 1 want to enter the ruins dream again,” Shi Yu said.

“Enter now??” Lin Xiuzhu was surprised. Only half a month had passed since the last time.

“Yes, enter now,” Shi Yu said.

Although Eleven still had a lot of room for improvement, Shi Yu still planned to give it a try. Most importantly, leaving a ruin behind and not exploring it could only add points. Shi Yu was stifled.

Shi Yu prepared to enter the ruins again. After giving his pets instructions, he ate the Cultivation Fruit and entered the dream. Apart from him, Eleven also entered the dream. As for the other pets, they were protecting Shi Yu at the side, including Beast Shi Yu. They were all beside him.

“Uh…

Shi Yu closed his eyes and opened them. In the dream world, Shi Yu rubbed his head with a headache. Then, he rubbed a horn.

“Holy shit…” Shi Yu exclaimed and completely woke up.

“Moo! !

“Roar!!”

Just as Shi Yu was cursing, beast roars came from beside him. He took a closer look and realized that he was in an even larger army tent. He seemed to have been recuperating just now. There were especially many bottles of medicine around him.

As for the surrounding creatures, apart from a familiar panda, there was also a huge bull and a huge bird.

There was an 80% chance that the panda was Eleven, but this huge bull and huge bird were definitely not Shi Yu’s pets. However, Shi Yu knew them!!

When Chi You and Ying Long fought, these two guys were divine beasts on Chi You’s side and gave Chi You a lot of help.

Unfortunately, in the end, they were all killed by Ying Long.

“Damn, I changed my identity this time??”

“l became Chi You??” Shi Yu was stunned.

Was it because after Eleven became stronger, his identity in their dream changed?

As expected, Eleven was the one dragging him down the last time. With his strength at the 11th heavenly layer of the divine level, he should have possessed Chi You long ago…

Bang, bang, bang, bang!!

While Shi Yu was still in a daze, the thunderous drumbeat sounded again.

“The enemy is attacking, prepare to fight! ”

“Not good, it’s Ying Long!!!”