Chapter 1642 - Chapter 1642: Chi You Ruins (2)

Chapter 1642: Chi You Ruins (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“However, because these Beast Tamers aren’t strong, they almost can’t remember what happened in the dream. Their memories are very vague.”

“This kind of thing is really strange. In the end, the old principal of Divine Capital University came to me and Aunt Hua. After all, I’m now the recognized strongest Iron-eating Beast Tamer in Dong Huang apart from you and Senior Emperor Wu.” Lin Xiuzhu smiled.

“And the new Dream God Butterfly cultivated by Aunt Hua also has extraordinary attainments in the Dream Dao. In addition, she’s an honorary principal of Divine Capital University… So we came to take a look.”

“Is that so?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

He closed his eyes slightly and sensed the current situation of Divine Capital University, but he didn’t feel anything.

“Did you discover anything?” asked the panda senior.

“We might still need to investigate further,” Shi Yu said. “You’ve never entered that dream, right?”

Lin Xiuzhu shook his head and said, “l only arrived today. I just understood the situation and haven’t started the investigation with Aunt Hua.”

“Aunt Hua, I think I know what’s going on with this matter. Let me join the investigation too.”

Legend Hua Xiajin smiled and said, “I’m relieved to have you. Initially, I was still worried about whether I could help my old friend solve this matter, but now that you’re taking action, it should be able to be resolved perfectly soon,

“After all, you’re the strongest Beast Tamer on Blue Planet.”

Shi Yu smiled bitterly. “This matter… has already exceeded the scope of Blue Planet. In fact, it has already exceeded the scope of this cosmic era. It’s better to be serious.’

Even Goddess Wa only said that there was a high chance of him cracking it, not 100%.

Legend Hua and Senior Panda were stunned.

What did he mean?

“In short, don’t try it on your own next. Be my assistant and act with me.”

Shi Yu guessed that Blue Planet had upgraded and broken through Goddess Wa’ s seal on the era ruin.

After all, when Goddess Wa sealed this ruin, it was only a top-notch divine.

The strange dream was the leakage of the power of this era ruin that affected the surroundings.

“Alright!” Lin Xiuzhu immediately said, “Assistants are fine too, as long as you bring us along!’

“Yes, but you have to listen to my command.”

“Firstly, Aunt Hua, let the principal of Divine Capital University clear the place first.’

“Alright.” Legend Hua nodded.

Soon, when he learned that Shi Yu had taken action, the principal of Divine Capital University was flattered. He immediately followed Shi Yu t s request and gave all the teachers and students a month off. During this period, the school was sealed and no life was allowed to appear in Divine Capital University.

Even the guardian and guardian overlord of Divine Capital University were sent flying…

After that, the principal of Divine Capital University immediately slipped away, leaving Divine Capital University City, which was larger than a second-level city, to Shi Yu, Lin Xiuzhu, and the others.

“Shi Yu, what kind of ruin is it?” Senior Panda couldn’t help but ask.

At this moment, Shi Yu and Lin Xiuzhu had already strolled to a back mountain of Divine Capital University. As for Legend Hua, under Shi Yu’s entrustment, she tried her best to disperse the residents around Divine Capital

University City and temporarily arrange for them to be elsewhere. Shi Yu got Buggy to casually create a mystic realm space that they could stay in and imagined a bunch of villas.

“Senior, have you heard of it? The universe will be destroyed and reborn every 10 billion years. Then, a new reincarnation will begin,” Shi Yu said. “This reincarnation is called a cosmic epoch.”

Lin Xiuzhu shook her head. She had been nurturing the Panda Army and was only at Level 8 now. She didn’t know much about things outside Blue Planet.

“The Iron-eating Beast Race actually existed on Blue Planet in the last cosmic era more than 10 billion years ago.”

“The origin is so far away?” Lin Xiuzhu was shocked.

“It’s alright, and no one can say for sure if the last cosmic era was the true origin,” Shi Yu said. “Next, the ruin I’m going to explore is the era ruin that survived the last era until now!”

“It’s said that it’s a battlefield ruin.’

“It was born from a battle between a powerful Beast Tamer who controlled a

Creation God Dragon and a powerful Beast Tamer who controlled an

Iron-eating Beast Corps.”

“According to the clues I understand, only humans who have contracted pets of specific races have any hope of entering this ruin.”

“Among them, the Iron-eating Beast is one of the specific races.”

“l reckon that those Beast Tamers who had strange dreams were affected by this battlefield ruin.’

“Gulp.” Lin Xiuzhu’s beautiful eyes widened. She finally knew why Shi Yu liked to explore ruins so much. Now, her curiosity had already been aroused by Shi Yu’s few words.

At this moment, if Shi Yu left her to explore the ruins, she would be extremely curious.

“Then what should we do next! Lin Xiuzhu was already eager to give it a try.

“Well, I just took a look. The main body of the ruins is still sealed by a seal. Although the seal has loosened, 1 don’t plan to break it immediately at the moment. It would be fine if it were elsewhere, but this is a big city after all. No one knows what kind of impact the ruins of the era will bring.”

“l plan to passively let the ruins affect me through entering the dream first and see if I can find any clues before making a decision.”

“This method should have the least impact on us and the outside world. At most, we’ll be a little tired after waking up like those students.”

“So, you mean that I’ll hug Flower first and you hug Eleven. We’ll sleep first and let the power leaking from the era ruin pull us into the Dream Battlefield like those students?” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

“That’s right.” Shi Yu stretched out his hand, and an apple-sized panda appeared in his hand.

When it sat in Shi Yu’s palm, Eleven yawned. It first looked around cautiously before greeting Lin Xiuzhu with a cry.

“Flower, come out too.’

On Senior Lin’s side, she also summoned her Iron-eating Beast. It had already reached the invincible overlord level, the panda named Flower that had evolved into the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.

It was also in a restrained state at this moment. It was still so cute. After being restrained, it didn’t have the posture of a Demon God at all.

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven greeted again.

“Wuu!” Lin Xiuzhu!s Iron-eating Beast was also very surprised to see Eleven.

“When Aunt Hua is almost done preparing, let’s eat the Cultivation Fruit and sleep,” Shi Yu said.

“Ah.” Lin Xiuzhu was stunned. “Eat that thing to sleep…?”

Shi Yu said, “Of course, the Cultivation Fruit can increase comprehension and learning ability. Eat it and sleep. If we encounter any special things in the dream world, we can comprehend and learn faster.”

“l see.” Lin Xiuzhu was still a little nervous. “But 1 forgot to take the neutralizer.’

“What’s that?”

“Eat it with the Cultivation Fruit. It’s my favorite drink that can slightly resist the taste…

Shi Yu was speechless.

When it was about time, Shi Yu carried Eleven and Lin Xiuzhu carried Flower. Both parties found a place in Divine Capital University and ate the Cultivation Fruit, planning to enter a sleep state.

Even at the peak of the super divine level, they couldn’t see the source of the power of the era ruins. Therefore, Shi Yu and the others could only investigate step by step.

Because of the Cultivation Fruit, Shi Yu and the others quickly fell asleep…

In his blurry consciousness, Shi Yu gradually opened his eyes. However, due to his powerful control over his body, Shi Yu knew that this was a dream.

After opening his eyes, he realized that he was in a military tent.

“I see. In this dream world, I became a soldier who really existed in the last era but was already dead. A character? Then what about you?”

Shi Yu looked at the panda lying on the ground. The panda also opened its eyes and howled.

It was clearly Eleven.

Apart from Eleven, the current Shi Yu couldn’t sense any connection with other pets. Fortunately, he could sense that his and Eleven’s level power was still there. That was alright…

No wonder those students from Divine Capital University died the moment they entered. With their strength, it would be strange if they could survive the battle between Ying Long and Chi You..