Chapter 1644 - Chapter 1644: Battle Of The Era (2)

Chapter 1644: Battle of the Era (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu, who only had Eleven beside him at the moment, indeed couldn’t interfere in a battle of this level.

After all, after breaking through to the divine level, Eleven had yet to add points. At this moment, it only had high-level divine battle power. Even with his strengthening, it was still very far from super divine battle power.

“Troublesome.’

Everyone was fighting. Shi Yu originally only wanted to observe and didn’t want to join, but the soldiers from Ying Longs side didn’t care.

Shi Yu and the others were weak to begin with, and there were very few people. Soon, an enemy army locked onto Shi Yu and Eleven and charged over.

“There’s someone over there!”

This group of people didn’t control wild beasts. They all revealed powerful auras and attacked with weapons.

“Eleven, finish them,” Shi Yu called. Eleven nodded and knocked the other party out with a thought. The soldiers of Emperor Huang Army immediately fell to the ground with white eyes and white foam coming out of their mouths.

“Interesting, don’t be anxious.” Shi Yu took a deep breath, his eyes shining.

He and Eleven were digging deeper into the power system mastered by the Chi You Army in the dream world.

Although Shi Yu and Eleven didn’t inherit the memories of the two dream illusions, under their hard memories and their observation of the battles of the other soldiers, some special feelings still made them understand something.

Soon, they entered a state of “enlightenment”.

The Cultivation Fruit fused with the Time Fruit, the World Tree Fruit, and other powers. The enhancement to the learning ability in the dream was very huge.

When he first saw the soldiers of the Chi You Army transforming their pets into weapons, Shi Yu originally thought that this was a Beast Taming Talent.

On Blue Planet and World King Planet, there was also such a Beast Taming Talent that could turn pets into weapons, armors, and other equipment.

However, after careful identification, Shi Yu discovered the difference between the two. The ability mastered by the Chi You Army should be higher.

Compared to the traditional weaponization Beast Taming Talent, these beast soldiers of the Chi You Army were stronger. Their weapons bodies combined all the abilities of their pets and refined them into a divine weapon. A casual attack was the ultimate profundity sublimated by the fusion of all the pets’ skills.

In other words, if Shi Yu mastered the traditional soldierization talent and turned Eleven into a weapon, Eleven’s skill wouldn’t change much. Not only might it not be able to increase, but it might also be restricted by its new form and be unable to perfectly display its original strength.

However, the soldier power mastered by the soldiers of the Chi You Army allowed the pet to fuse all its power and form a perfect divine weapon. Not only would the pet not be burdened by its form, but it could also make itself stronger.

With one attack, it would be the fusion of multiple divine skills.

“Is this the true ultimate skill of the weapon master, the God of Arms?” Shi Yu looked at the two parties fighting and thought to himself. No wonder the myths and legends said that Emperor Huang had already lost nine times to Chi You before he obtained the help of Ying Long.

Although these crippled soldiers looked miserable, they should be elites of the Nine Li Horde. Otherwise, it was impossible for them to use this powerful divine power so proficiently.

[l have to learn this ability.] Shi Yu made up his mind.

This skill was very strong. After mastering this, it was equivalent to letting the pet fuse all the skills into a super combination skill. The increase in strength would definitely be a qualitative change.

This ability was several times more impressive than the combination of the four holy equipment worn by Beast Shi Yu.

The four holy equipment was equivalent to an additional skill.

And this soldier divine skill was equivalent to multiplication.

At the moment, Chi Tongs Immortal Slaying Sword Formation was the most luxurious combination skill in the team. It was made of a total of eight divine skills. Chi Tong had used all its skills, so its power was naturally needless to say.

However, apart from Chi Tong, the strongest combination skills of the other pets couldn’t be used all the skills. However, with this divine power, every pet should be able to do similar things to Chi Tong. This increase in strength was undoubtedly huge.

However, at the moment, Eleven and Shi Yu could only learn with difficulty through “seeing”, “recalling”, and “enlightenment”. Without systematic teaching, it was still too difficult to learn in this chaotic battle.

“Wuu!” Eleven summoned the Eight Trigrams Bean Bear clone and let them protect itself and Shi Yu to comprehend and learn.

After an unknown period of time, the voice gradually fell. Apart from Shi Yu and the others, all the other Chi You soldiers seemed to have been killed. In the sky, Chi You, who was fighting Ying Long, had already been beheaded.

In the rain, it was already a rain of blood.

“I’m indignant…” In the sky, Chi You, who was beheaded, could still roar. Its expression was tragic, and it clearly couldn’t accept its failure.

As he roared, his powerful obsession with victory even changed the rules, forcing Ying Long and the other divine beasts to retreat and not dare to approach.

“Huh? Wait, there’s someone else.’

At this moment, the people in the clouds seemed to have discovered Shi Yu and the others. They immediately ordered Ying Long to deal with them.

“Roar!!” In the sky, the golden dragon swung its claws down. Shi Yu and Eleven suddenly opened their eyes.

“Damn it, the time is too short. There’s no time at all.’

“Wuu!!!” Eleven condensed its strongest power and activated One Thought of God and Demon at the same time to resist, but it was no match for it at all.

Soon, even Shi Yu and the others were slapped to death like the other Chi You Army soldiers.

“Hu…e

In reality, Shi Yu and Eleven, who had been dreaming, suddenly opened their eyes and broke out in cold sweat. They felt that their bodies were even weaker than after adding points many times..