Chapter 1643 - Chapter 1643: Battle Of The Era (1)

Chapter 1643: Battle of the Era (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

In the dream world.

Shi Yu shook his head.

For him, this seemed to be a lucid dream.

As expected, under the circumstances where he deliberately controlled, the stronger the mental strength, the harder it was to lose himself in the dream.

Now, he could freely control his movements and state.

However, the premise of everything was that it couldn’t exceed his original strength.

“Eleven, let’s go find your big sister first,” Shi Yu immediately said to Eleven after confirming that he could break free from the dream at any time.

“Wuu!” Eleven nodded heavily.

Shi Yu brought Eleven out of the tent and fell into deep thought.

This was clearly a huge camp, but at this moment, the camp was extremely desolate. There were injured soldiers everywhere, and their morale was extremely desolate.

The hot sun shone on the dry ground.

Perhaps it was because of his dream, but Shi Yu was in the best state among this group of people.

“Go there.” Shi Yu saw many Iron-eating Beasts in this army.

Apart from the Iron-eating Beasts, there were also tigers, leopards, and other beasts. Their forms were strange.

They were suspected to be mutated beasts from ancient times on Earth. Shi Yu had seen these guys in ancient books.

He and Eleven came to a crippled soldier leaning against the wall. The other party and his mount, the Iron-eating Beast, were both on the verge of death.

He and Eleven realized that the pets here weren’t very strong, but the soldiers were strong and strong. Every ferocious beast’s physical strength was comparable to that of a demigod.

This made Shi Yu ponder slightly. He felt that the state of “Beast Shi Yu” seemed to be a little similar to these people. They all had super physical strength.

However, Shi Yu also sensed other special powers on them. It wasn’t just physical strength.

“Eleven, treat him.” At Shi Yu’s request, Eleven used the Light Control to help the crippled soldier illuminate his injuries. Soon, the half-conscious soldier recovered a lot and opened his eyes weakly.

“Doctor?” he muttered.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“We lost. We lost. Even if we recover, we won’t be able to reverse the situation…” He covered his eyes weakly and said in pain, “However, we can still fight…”

Just as he finished speaking, his eyes suddenly widened because the violent sound of the thunder drum suddenly sounded.

Bang, bang, bang, bang!!

The thunderous drumbeat made a high voice come from inside the broken army.

“The enemy is attacking, prepare to fight! !! ”

Under the high voice, the soldiers, regardless of their injuries, got up with difficulty.

It was the same for Shi Yu and the soldier who had just been treated by Eleven. His expression was ferocious as he shouted, “Let’s fight.”

With that said, he looked at his Iron-eating Beast. Under his gaze, the Iron-eating Beast’s entire body immediately lingered with black and white light. It directly turned into a spear under Shi Yu and Eleven’s noses and was grabbed by the soldier.

“This is…” When Shi Yu saw this, he quickly looked around.

Some beast-type creatures that should have been mounts turned into weapons under the control of this group of crippled soldiers.

Blades, spears, swords, armors, and big crossbows.

Of course, there were also those that didn’t change and were rode under by the soldiers.

Now, with weapons in hand, this group of crippled soldiers immediately descended like divine weapons, their auras increasing greatly.

Boom.

However, compared to the thunderclap coming from afar, the morale here was still much weaker.

At this moment, many clouds suddenly appeared in the originally clear sky. In the clouds, a light rain gradually fell, and the figure of a winged divine dragon was vaguely visible.

“Not good, it’s Ying Long!!!”

Seeing this divine dragon phantom, the crippled soldiers below were shocked.

“Chi You, why aren’t you surrendering?”

Four figures appeared in the clouds behind the divine dragon. Three men and a woman rode the clouds and appeared in the sky, shouting at the remaining soldiers below.

At the same time, behind them, a vast army charged towards the remaining army with the war drums. It was pitch-black.

“Hahahaha.” Accompanied by a loud laugh, a strong man from god knows where looked at the sky from the ground.

His ears were like a sword, and he had a horn on his head. Several divine beasts followed beside him, and one of them was an Iron-eating Beast that Shi Yu was familiar with.

Before the burly man could say a word, he charged forward. The Iron-eating Beast directly turned into a black demonic saber in front of Shi Yu like other ferocious beasts. It was held in the burly man’s hand and let out a demonic roar.

Boom.

In the sky, the aura of Ying Long and the Demon Blade resisted each other, instantly overturning the world. The army below also attacked the other party under the protection of the Bosses of both parties.

“They’re fighting just like that?” Shi Yu exclaimed and retreated repeatedly. He naturally had no intention of joining the battle.

He kept searching to see if there were any “soldiers who didn’t fight” similar to him, but he realized that he didn’t see any soldiers suspected to be Senior Lin and Flower.

“Wait…”

“l subconsciously judged that everyone will enter the same dream, but it’s also possible that everyone will enter a different dream world.”

“Therefore, it’s understandable that we can’t find Senior Lin here. I have a contract with Eleven, but not with Senior Panda…

Realizing this, Shi Yu looked at Eleven and said, “Let’s find a safe place to watch the battle first.’

“Roar, roar.” At this moment, Eleven nodded crazily. In the sky, Ying Long controlled the storm and displayed an invincible aura, giving Eleven the feeling that it was an epoch god.

As for the burly man holding the demon saber formed by the Iron-eating Beast, he was also very powerful. With a slash, he split open the wind, rain, and sky. The two parties quickly started an intense battle..