Chapter 1658 - Chapter 1658: Overlord Territory (4)

Chapter 1658: Overlord Territory (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Zi Jian’s special forces?” Upon hearing Shi Yu mention this side, the surrounding Darekians discussed. Clearly, they had heard of the Zi Jian’s special forces. The Darekian in the lead narrowed his eyes and said, “So you’re a friend of the Zi Jian’s special forces. I’ve indeed heard of the Zi Jian’s special forces going to the Cosmic Sea.”

“However, even if you know the Zi Jian’s special forces, you still have to follow the rules. How about this? If you can win, we’ll tell you where the Zi Jian’s special forces should be at this time.”

“And if you lose, one super divine resource will be left.”

“I’m the captain of the Seventh Division of the Darekians Pirates, Fa Kun. I swear on the honor of the cosmic overlord army that the battle is fair and just.”

“No problem,” Shi Yu said. It was still difficult to say, but from the looks of it, Captain Zi Jian’s reputation was useless. This group of people actually still wanted to fight. However, considering that the pirates of the cosmic overlord army had even snatched from their own people, he was relieved.

“The rule is for a 1 vs 1. If the one fighting is a human Beast Tamer, it’s fine to only count the number of humans, right?”

“No problem,” Shi Yu said again.

As soon as he finished speaking, the group of pirates smiled, feeling that they had encountered a fat sheep.

“Are these guys really pirates? Why do I feel like they’re fat sheep? They actually agreed to bet with the ‘super divine resource’ for a lousy position information.’

“Moreover, when they heard the name of our Darekians Pirates, they actually didn’t feel any sense of danger at all. This super divine resource was taken too easily.”

“The gains this time aren’t small. I feel that Boss should want more. From the looks of it, they don’t look poor.”

“Hey, hey, hey.” Jermon was also vexed by Shi Yu’s arrogance.

Darekians were a large race in the overlord territory. In the Cosmic Sea, they definitely had the strength of the top 50 races in the starry sky. Not only did they have top-notch experts, but they also had many members. The lower limit of their race was also high, and they would definitely be divines when they reached adulthood.

They had infiltrated various fields of the universe overlord army, and their strength couldn’t be underestimated at all…

However, Shi Yu was really here to find someone? It had also heard of the Zi Jian’s special forces!

“All the best. The other party is very strong,” Jermon said. “You’ve broken through, so you should still be stronger than me. You don’t need me to fight, right? Moo.”

“Of course not, but if I lose, you can give me the resources,” Shi Yu said.

The Demolishing Divine Bull’s heart cracked.

“Call Shalud over.” Just as Shi Yu and the others had yet to decide on their battle target, on the Darekians Pirates’ side, under the call of the captain of the seventh division, a huge green fat dragon monster that looked like a dinosaur walked out of the other party’s battleship.

“Shalud, there’s another battle. Please,” the captain of the Darekians Pirates said.

“l understand. Leave it to me.” The green fat dragon spread its wings and flew to the center of the starry sky.

Seeing this green fat dragon, Jermon’s expression darkened again. “Perfect divine…

“As expected of the Darekians Pirates of the cosmic overlord army. There’s actually a perfect divine presiding over one team. It’s over. It’s completely over now.”

With a top-notch divine, he thought that Shi Yu could still fight, but from the looks of it, it was better to admit defeat directly and give resources.

No… his resources!!!

“Isn’t this normal? We’re out to rob and bet. If we don’t have some strength, we’ll lose so much that we won’t even have our pants,” Shi Yu said indifferently.

Hu hu hu.

The flying green dragon stopped and shouted,

“Hey, little brats opposite, I’m a combatant of the Seventh Division of the Darekians Pirates, Shalud. Who wants a duel? Come out quickly.”

Just as it finished speaking, the mechanical hatch of Shi Yu’s pirate crew’s battleship opened, and an extremely beautiful mechanical Wind Kirin flew out of the battleship.

This was a battle mechanical clone created by Ling.

“It’s here. It’s your next opponent.” As Shi Yu spoke, the Wind Kirin had already flown opposite Shalud. Seeing its opponent and the Wind Kirin that appeared, be it the members of the Darekians Pirates or the Demolishing Divine Bull, their pupils constricted.

The Wind Kirin in the starry sky had an elegant form and aura, but it couldn’t hide the shocking divine power on its body.

The surrounding people actually sensed the huge divine power fluctuations of a perfect divine on this Wind Kirin.

The Darekians Pirates, who thought that they had encountered a fat sheep, instantly understood that the pirates of this era weren’t to be trifled with.

This unknown little pirate group actually had a perfect divine presiding over it.

Without the appearance of a super divine, a perfect divine was already the core battle power of most factions.

“It’s…” Jermon was stunned. He didn’t remember such a pet among Shi Yu’s pets.

Could it be a new pet?

No.

Shi Yu had just reached the divine level not long ago. There was no reason for him to be able to control a perfect divine.

Perhaps this was the guardian of Shi Yu’s trip. Hope rose in the bull’s heart again.

Perhaps its super divine resources could still be saved!

“Don’t worry, Lord Shalud has experienced hundreds of battles. The unknown creature opposite looks delicate and weak. It should mainly cultivate wind-element power. It won’t be a match for the powerful Space Dragon Race,” someone in the Darekians Pirates analyzed the situation.

The originally one-sided battle of rules in the eyes of the Darekians Pirates instantly became confusing.

“You attack first.” Shalud had indeed never seen a pet like the Wind Kirin. It couldn’t help but be cautious. The other party’s divine power wasn’t inferior to its own, and its ability was unknown. It planned to be safer and counter every move to find the other party’s weakness. After all, it was related to a super divine resource, so it didn’t dare to be sloppy..