Chapter 1657 - Chapter 1657: Overlord Territory (3)

Chapter 1657: Overlord Territory (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Apart from the accidental experience of picking up the Demolishing Divine Bull, the trip was smooth.

In the blink of an eye, another two months passed.

Shi Yu had never cultivated so hard for so long in one go.

Fortunately, Lings performance was not bad, and its energy was also very high-level. It only took a year to enter the overlord territory. Otherwise, Shi

Yu might have to experience what Phoenix Man and the others had experienced…

They set off from the World King Planet to the edge of the Cosmic Sea to find Blue Planet. With the help of many interstellar teleportation arrays, it took nearly ten years.

If Shi Yu used their aircraft to sail, Shi Yu estimated that he wouldn’t be able to reach his destination in a hundred years.

“Master, there’s someone else.’

“According to the star map, we seem to have finally approached the core of the overlord territory.”

“After arriving here, the number of interstellar fleets we might encounter will increase. ”

Shi Yu was awakened by Ling from his cultivation.

“Not bad. I haven’t seen anyone alive for so long. I thought we were lost.”

“But Master, the guy we encountered this time doesn’t seem to have good intentions,” Ling said.

“Huh??” Shi Yu was stunned.

At the same time, the Demolishing Divine Bull, which had been brought away by Shi Yu and the others for two months, also received a reminder from its mechanical assistant. When it learned that it was about to encounter other life forms, it couldn’t help but be excited.

It looked like it was close to the core area of the overlord territory.

However, just like Shi Yu and the others, when they observed the battleship in the distance, they were stunned.

Because this battleship was also filled with pirate flags…

Of course, most importantly, apart from the pirate flag, this pirate crew also had the symbol of the cosmic overlord army!

“The overlord territory and the Cosmic Sea. These two places should be the most popular places for Space Pirates,” Shi Yu said.

“That’s right…” Ling said, “However, the pirates in the overlord territory are relatively different.”

“The pirates here basically have more official identities. In other words, not only are they from the cosmic overlord army, but they’re also Space Pirates. They’re lawfully looting and even snatching from their own people.”

“They’re even snatching things from their own people. It’s really f*cking crazy,” Shi Yu said. “So we… encountered someone in the same industry?” “Yes, the other party should want to snatch our stuff.” Ling nodded.

As soon as they finished speaking, the pirate battleship opposite had already issued a warning. A red sigh instantly appeared on Lings display, and the voice came from afar!

[Warning! The pirate ship in front, stop quickly.]

[Warning! If you don’t carry out the ‘rules battle; we will launch a full-scale attack.]

[Warning! ]

Under the continuous warnings of the other party, at this moment, Examiner Jermon hurriedly asked for a conversation and shouted for Shi Yu in the conversation channel.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, the pirates of the cosmic overlord army are opposite. Talk to them nicely and don’t get into a conflict!”

“It’s best to carry out a ‘rules battle r .”

Examiner Jermon was very familiar with the cosmic overlord army and the matters in the overlord territory.

“This is a big characteristic of the overlord territory. Many factions plunder for a living. However, because everyone belongs to the cosmic overlord army and many foreign merchant groups want to do business with the cosmic overlord army, it’s not easy to destroy the trading ecology. Therefore, the Space Pirates here basically won’t be ruthless.”

“Generally speaking, it’s two groups that act according to the rules. One person from each group will carry out a duel of some resources. The winner will take away the other party’s resources. Everyone, continue sailing. If there’s no deep hatred, it won’t lead to a full-scale life and death battle.”

“We should just admit that we’re unlucky and fight the other party according to the rules. Don’t offend the local tyrant.”

Shi Yu, Ling, and the others stopped the battleship and opened the door for the Demolishing Divine Bull. The black yak immediately entered.

“Examiner Jermon, you’re very familiar with this side,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Moo,” the black yak said with a chuckle. That was true. After all, in order to join the cosmic overlord army, it had done a lot of homework. If it weren’t for the fact that the overlord army of the Cosmic Sea didn’t dare to take it in due to the pressure ot its family, it would have long joined.

At this moment, the two battleships stopped in the starry sky. Soon, dense figures appeared in the battleship opposite. About dozens of people came out of this battleship, from quasi-divine to divine-level.

Although they were humans, they weren’t humans, but Darekians. They had red humanoid bodies. Compared to humans, they had a pair of long red antennae and belonged to the Space Race and aliens.

“It’s the Darekians. Their battle power is very strong.” When the black yak saw the composition of this pirate crew, its heart turned cold. It knew that the resources were completely gone.

“He looks a little familiar,” Shi Yu said when he saw the other party. It seemed that Captain Zi Jian’s two top-notch divine bodyguards were Darekians. “Since it’s not suitable for a conflict, let’s go too. We’ll settle it peacefully,” Shi Yu said.

With that said, Shi Yu teleported out of the battleship and arrived in the starry sky, facing the pirate crew opposite.

At this moment, the Darekians saw the unfamiliar symbol and name of the Era Pirate Group and felt strange. When they saw that only two people had appeared on the other side, a human and a black yak, they felt even more strange.

“Where are you from? Why are you so unfamiliar?” The top-notch divine Darekians in the lead said, “We’re the ‘Seventh Division of the Darekians

Pirates’. You know the rules, right?”

“l know, but before that, let me ask you a question. We’re from the Cosmic Sea and came to find someone we know. I wonder if you’ve heard of her. Her name is Zi Jian. She’s also from the cosmic overlord army and specializes in archeology. She’s the captain of the Zi Jian Special Forces,” Shi Yu asked for directions..