Chapter 1650 - Chapter 1650: Gradually Understanding Everything (4)

Chapter 1650: Gradually Understanding Everything (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

He summoned Beast Shi Yu and possessed him.

Boom.

Shi Yu stopped in midair, and the Taiji Domain directly disappeared. Eleven discovered the change and immediately shrank, instantly appearing beside shi Yu.

“Wu wu wu.” It didn’t understand what was going on.

“You are…”

“It’s you…”

In the world of obsession, Emperor Huang, Chi You, Ying Long, and the others had incredulous expressions when they saw Shi Yu’s face.

Right on the heels of that, Ying Long shouted something that made Shi Yu i s hair stand on end.

“Shi Yu, do you want to interfere in this war? Do you want to challenge the

Shi Yu:

Eleven:

Shi Yu looked like he had seen a ghost. Wait, what was going on?

“You know me??” Shi Yu was stunned. Stop kidding.

“I’ve heard of you, but why are you helping Chi You?” Emperor Huang said.

At this moment, Chi You, who had recovered, also had a furious expression. “Shi Yu, why are you occupying my body?”

In an instant, Shi Yu fell silent.

Before he could ask more, the figures of Emperor Huang, Chi You, and Ying Long shattered like a dream bubble, and the entire dream world shattered.

The second time Shi Yu entered the ruins, it directly ended in this strange and strange way. In the outside world, in the room, under the worried expressions of a bunch of pets, Shi Yu suddenly opened his eyes. His entire body was drenched in sweat. He immediately got up and panted heavily.

“Wuu!” Eleven also woke up with a stunned expression. Its round face revealed confusion as it looked at Shi Yu curiously.

He kept feeling that… Beast Tamers had many secrets!

Ah, but it had yet to fight. Why was it… over?

Beside him, Beast Shi Yu didn’t seem to have changed much. Shi Yu looked at him and then at the many pets and took a deep breath.

“What’s going on…”

“Yi. (What’s wrong! What’s wrong!)” Ling wasn’t around and was refining the lucky star. Baby Ginseng took the initiative to be the think tank to help Shi Yu analyze,

“Me too!” The turtle also took the initiative to volunteer with the scholar hat it had taken from Baby Ginseng.

“He was killed again?” Qi looked at Shi Yu and Eleven with heartache.

“That’s not it.” Shi Yu shook his head.

“However, in this dream, I seem to have successfully established a connection with Beast Shi Yu. It can also enter the dream world like Eleven. Perhaps this is related to him coming from the last era.”

“But the problem is that some obsession illusions in the dream seem to know Beast Shi Yu… It’s ridiculous.’

Shi Yu went crazy.

“Ji! (Know??? Could it be that his mind has already been interfered with by the dream and has purely become the ‘dreaming’ stage?)” Buggy said.

It had studied dreams. Most dreams were fake. It could even control dreams and let Shi Yu fall in love with the Worm Empress in the dream. Anything ridiculous could happen in the dream.

Just like what Shi Yu had said just now… Therefore, was Shi Yu already disturbed by the dream just now?

“That’s a possibility. Perhaps it’s because I’m too tired from adding points that my dream is distorted. However, I keep feeling that things aren’t that simple,” Shi Yu said in deep thought.

“Yi. (Didn’t they say that Beast Shi Yu came from the last era? Then is it possible that they’re your acquaintances?)” Baby Ginseng analyzed from the perspective of reincarnation.

“Yi. (Because it’s an acquaintance, the obsession phantom will change when it sees you.)”

“Impossible,” Shi Yu said. “When I was born in my previous life, it was already thousands of years after the Battle of Zhuo Lu, or even further! In the era I was in, there were no longer transcendent existences. It seems to have entered the Cultivationless Age again. I’m just an ordinary person. How can I be recognized by Ying Long?”

“Then is it possible that Shi Yu, you… After your previous life died, your soul didn’t directly come to the next era, but during this period… there was an experience you forgot.”

“In this experience, returning to the past isn’t impossible…” Qi said. As a Time Sprite, she was qualified to say this…

As soon as Qi finished speaking, Shi Yu fell into deep thought again. During his death and transmigration, was there still… an experience he had forgotten? In fact, during this experience, he was so powerful that he transmigrated into space and time and let Ying Long and Chi You know him?

Looking at the super divine Beast Shi Yu, Shi Yu was directly numb.