Chapter 1652 - Chapter 1652: Protection Archeology And Destruction Archeology (2)

Chapter 1652: Protection Archeology and Destruction Archeology (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“In my opinion, protective archeology is far harder than destruction archeology,” Ling said. “Just like how the laws of creation are harder to master than the laws of destruction.’

“A baby can destroy a vase, but creating a vase requires a certain amount of skill or a mature industrial system.”

As soon as Ling finished speaking, Buggy looked at Chi Tong arrogantly.

Chi Tong: “?”

“l understand what you mean. You mean that my destructive archeological ability has already been maxed out and reached the pinnacle of my current level, but my protective archeological ability isn’t very expert.”

“And exploring the ruins of Chi You’s obsession requires protective archeological abilities. The reason why we didn’t ask about any gains is that the word ‘Shi Yu r is like a keyword that will cause destruction to the ruins of the obsession.’

“But if 1 master some protective archeological skill, it’s possible that even if I

communicate with Shi Yu normally with those obsession illusions in the ruins, the ruins won’t collapse.”

“That’s right!” Ling said. “So my suggestion is to let Lord Blue Planet strengthen this ruin again first. As for you, Master, increase your skills first.

As for the ruin, you can explore it in the future.”

Shi Yu had a headache.

“As expected of Ling.”

“If I had known, I would have asked Senior Wa to give me more back then. She even helped the cosmic overlord crack the ruins. Her archeological proficiency must be extremely high.”

Emperor Shi couldn’t be relied on. The last time Shi Yu told Zi Jian that Emperor Shi wasn’t interested in archeology, it was actually true.

Although Emperor Shi was expert in archeology, archeology was essentially only one of his abilities. He didn’t major in it, and even the research order was under the unpopular skill of Emperor Shi, Future Prediction.

What Shi Yu obtained from Emperor Shi was all that Emperor Shi had mastered.

Shi Yu had long communicated with Emperor Shi about this. Moreover, in that chaotic era, Emperor Shi wouldn’t study protective archeology at all. As long as he could quickly strengthen his strength and destroy a few ruins, it didn’t matter at all.

He wasn’t interested in the history of the totem era and the history of the Mythical Era. He only wanted to open up the future that belonged to humans.

Ling suggested, “Actually, we can go to the overlord territory first. The best archeologists in the entire universe are all gathered in the cosmic overlord army. There must be many protective archeologists over there.”

“Captain Zi Jian is only one of the many top archeologists in the cosmic overlord army. Just her alone is enough to suppress the World King Planet Archeological Association. It’s obvious that there must be many capable people over there.”

“Moreover, the reason why the cosmic overlord, Cypos, supported archeology seems to be to understand how to dodge the fate of the universe’s destruction. This goal is also to collect more information, not strength. Therefore, many protective archeologists should be influenced.”

“We can go there to learn. It’s on the way anyway.”

Shi Yu said, “That makes sense. I happen to be going to the overlord territory to find the Wish Star inheritance for Teacher Cat. When I reach the overlord territory, I can look for Zi Jian’s special forces and get Captain Zi Jian to help introduce me.’

After making the decision, Shi Yu walked out of the room and muttered in his heart.

“Godmother, are you there?”

Blue Planet’s Will, who was teaching Little Zi, fell silent slightly and looked in the direction of Dong Huangs Divine Capital angrily.

“What is it?”

“The ruin sealed by Senior Wa… I’ll call it the ruins of Chi You’s obsession for the time being. I want to ask you to strengthen the seal and help me protect it. Don’t let others destroy and crack it.”

“This ruin contains some important information. If I rashly crack it, it might cause the information to be lost. It needs to be protected. With my current ability, it’s not enough to crack it. I plan to try again after a while.”

Blue Planet’s Will said, “Alright, but we still have to head to the Cosmic Sea next. Aren’t you worried that the movement of the planet will affect the ruins?”

“I’m worried about that,” Shi Yu said.

“How about this? Before you finish exploring this ruin, I’ll still stay where I am. There’s no need to worry about danger. The current Blue Planet is stronger than you imagine.”

“Before leaving, I’ll think of a way to increase Blue Planet’s defense power,” Shi Yu said.

“There’s no need to go through so much trouble.”

“And not leaving isn’t all for you.”

“In the past few days after deciding to set off for the Cosmic Sea, I have a bad premonition. Perhaps the Cosmic Sea isn’t as safe as I imagined.”

“Premonition?” Shi Yu was stunned.

Was something big about to happen in the Cosmic Sea? Could it be because of the war in the Contaminated Land? No way.

“I’m not sure either, but this galaxy might be more peaceful.”

“Alright,” Shi Yu said. “In short, I’ll obtain the ability to explore the ruins as soon as possible.”

“MJell, by the way, after you’re done, you can already take this guy away. It has already completely mastered the ‘Star Contract’.”

“Little Zi has mastered the Star Contract??” Shi Yu was pleasantly surprised.

The last time the Space Emperor came to strengthen the seal of the ruins, he even complained to him. He spent a lot of effort to bring the Floating Planet here from the Cosmic Sea. In the end, Blue Planet only taught it for a day and said that it couldn’t be taught. He directly “persuaded” the Floating Planet to leave.

Shi Yu was originally nervous. Could Little Zi learn it? If it couldn’t, he could only try replicating and teaching. However, from the looks of it, Little Zi, who had hatched from drinking the World Tree’s sap, had a pretty high

compatibility with Blue Planet. It was really like a biological daughter who could learn the skills mastered by Blue Planet..