Chapter 1656 - Chapter 1656: Overlord Territory (2)

Chapter 1656: Overlord Territory (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu said. From the looks of it, forget about the battle result of them defeating a super divine, Examiner Jermon didn’t even know about the Blue Planet team building and him taking the Four Holy Ruins.

“High-level divine…” High-level divine was nothing. The Demolishing Divine Bull muttered in its heart. These guys in front of it could even defeat it, an intermediate-level divine, at the quasi-divine level. They were even more abnormal than that Zavay. Now that they had broken through to the divine level, wouldn’t they be able to compete with top-notch divines? As a high-level divine, it definitely couldn’t defeat the other party.

“It’s fixed.” Just as Shi Yu and the Demolishing Divine Bull were chatting, Lings clone flew back. After reporting, it fused back into its main body.

“It… it’s repaired?!” Examiner Jermon looked at his spaceship in the distance with a stunned expression.

How long had it been? Was it even a minute?

It turned around, looked at the intact spaceship, and was stunned. It was really repaired.

“It’s very good at these jobs. Since it’s repaired, let’s continue setting off. Let’s not waste too much time.’

“This, this.” Examiner Jermon still didn’t understand why it was repaired so quickly.

It quickly flew back to its spaceship and checked again. It realized that the broken mechanical assistant had also woken up.

“Monster machinery!” it muttered. It had never seen such a ridiculous mechanical life form. No wonder it could master cosmic disaster skills at the

quasi-divine level.

Just like that, under Shi Yu’s arrangements, Ling dragged Jermon’s spaceship and brought an additional burden to continue sailing.

Now that it had a pilot, Jermon relaxed. But soon, it suddenly felt that something was wrong.

Wait!

Shi Yu had clearly said that they were going to the overlord territory to find someone.

But… what was with the dense pirate flags he saw just now?

The other party’s goal was definitely not as simple as finding someone!

The Demolishing Divine Bull immediately felt that it had gotten into a pirate

“What happened?” As the battleship stopped, the super divine gem cat woke up from its sleep and stretched in boredom. It first went to find something to eat before strolling leisurely on the battleship. When it passed by Shi Yu, it asked.

For the past year, it had either slept or eaten. The gem cat didn’t feel free. It only felt that it was living very comfortably.

She liked this life too much.

“It’s nothing. I’ll save a cow along the way and obtain a super divine stone,” Shi Yu said. “Teacher Ying, can you stop sleeping? It’s time to work. Next, make a wish and encounter a few resource stars.’

“I’ve been working hard to cultivate other skills. I didn’t slack off!” the gem cat girl said.

“Sleeping isn’t lazy. I’m cultivating in a dream.” It had to be said that with a super divine level physique, learning quasi-divine skills and raising them to divine skills was as simple as adults learning addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.

Now, the gem cat already had more than ten divine skills. Moreover, with the powerful control of the super divine level, it completed the nine-element combination divine skill and completed the upgrade of Meteorite Disillusionment.

Its battle power… was gradually approaching transcendent 1.

“Like hell I believe you. I got Baby Ginseng to develop this Cultivation Fruit skill just to slack off. Why did it become hard work so confidently when it came to you?” Shi Yu exposed it mercilessly, leaving the gem cat speechless.

“I’m leaving.” The gem cat left directly, and Shi Yu left to continue cultivating.

He summoned Beast Shi Yu. After a year of hard work, Beast Shi Yu had already cultivated to a certain extent.

As expected, just as Shi Yu had guessed, although the human bodies of this era couldn’t cultivate the Dower system of the previous era, Beast Shi Yu from the previous era could directly cultivate!

It wasn’t that he had completed the ability to transform into a Beast Taming Weapon, but apart from his physique, a new extraordinary power appeared in Beast Shi Yu’s body compared to before.

This extraordinary power was like a white aura that was purely extracted from Beast Shi Yu l s body through Shi Yu’s spirit.

Shi Yu didn’t know its name, but this aura could not only protect the mind and soul, but it could also cooperate with physical strength to attack. It was very useful.

The increase in Beast Shi Yu had already exceeded the use of the four holy faith equipment.

As Beast Shi Yu relied on the pseudo source of transcendence to strengthen, Shi Yu named it “Essence Energy”.

The Essence Energy was very strong.

Therefore, Shi Yu had already taken off all the equipment of Beast Shi Yu. There was no other reason… The power of the Four Holy Ruins had almost been used up by Shi Yu.

This was the price of adding all pets to the perfect divine level…

In short, raising the four holy pets and supporting points had already consumed a lot of energy. He really couldn’t afford to raise Beast Shi Yu.

Therefore, this new cultivation system came very timely. After losing the four holy armor, not only did Beast Shi Yu not become weaker, but he also became stronger.

Facing transcendent 1 to 3, it should be able to have a huge advantage. It had battle power comparable to that of transcendent 4.

Without a doubt, it was Shi Yu t s greatest trump card at the moment.

Unfortunately, apart from the new power system named “Essence Energy” by Shi Yu, Beast Shi Yu had yet to master the skill to turn life into a weapon. It wasn’t that the power system of the previous era was very difficult to learn. Those soldiers could all learn it, so there was no reason for Beast Shi Yu to learn it so slowly. After thinking about it, Shi Yu could only attribute it to the fact that Beast Shi Yu’s body was incomplete and lacked spirit and soul, causing his learning speed to decrease. Unfortunately, if he learned all of it, Beast Shi Yu t s battle power could still further increase his enhancement.

Next, Shi Yu entered a boring cultivation life..