Chapter 1655 - Chapter 1655: Overlord Territory (1)

Chapter 1655: Overlord Territory (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The Demolishing Divine Bull confirmed that it wasn’t wrong. It had definitely seen this battleship at a certain time. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be so familiar.

Where was it?

As it was thinking, the battleship opposite also slowly drove towards it.

Seeing that the battleship was paying attention to him, Jermon was delighted.

But soon, its joy stopped.

Because the battleship was densely filled with pirate flags.

What a sin! Space pirates?

This was like a weak girl getting lost in the forest and calling for help.

The Demolishing Divine Bull was stunned. However, so be it.

No matter who it was, as long as a life passed by, it was better than losing it in the universe.

At most, it would be stripped naked.

At most, it would join the other party and work.

It believed that the other party wouldn’t refuse a high-level divine.

But in the next moment, Jermon was stunned again.

Because a huge projection quickly appeared on the battleship. It was a figure. “Examiner Jermon, long time no see. Why are you so down and out?”

He was a divine-level big boss who had defeated Zavay 79 times in a row.

The huge figure was Shi Yu. Shi Yu greeted the examiner Jermon through the starry sky, stunning him.

“It’s you! ! ”

The Demolishing Divine Bull was extremely shocked. It looked at this familiar figure that made it fall into dire straits and was shocked.

Why was this King of Gods here?

“That’s right, it’s me…” Shi Yu said, “Examiner Jermon, looks like you need help.”

The Demolishing Divine Bull was stunned and wanted to say something.

But when it recalled that its broken spaceship couldn’t fly anymore, it hurriedly said, “Help me.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu opened the door for the Demolishing Divine Bull and let it come first.

Soon, the Demolishing Divine Bull flew directly to the accompanying flying reception cabin of the cosmic battleship. Then, it saw the clean and energetic Shi Yu inside.

“Moo! !

“It’s indeed you.” After the Demolishing Divine Bull entered, it had a complicated expression and asked, “Why are you here?”

“I’m here to find someone I know,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Speaking of which, Examiner Jermon, why are you here?”

“I…” Jermon was really embarrassed to say that he had run away from home.

He lied and said, “I’m also looking for an acquaintance.”

“Then, you encountered the Starry Sky Storm?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yes…” The Demolishing Divine Bull had a bitter expression.

“If it weren’t for that battle and the battle experience I obtained from you to deal with the Starry Sky Storm, I might have died now.”

“Now, my spaceship is already broken, and my energy supply is severely insufficient. My mechanical assistant is also broken, and it can’t help me lead the way. The range it’s in has also exceeded the upper limit of the Teleportation Key Stones. If I hadn’t brought enough resources, I would definitely have starved to death in the starry sky.”

“On account that we’re fated to fight, help me.”

“Examiner Jermon, don’t worry. I’ll get Ling to help you repair your navigation assistant and give you some energy,” Shi Yu said.

“Thank you…” The black yak was immediately extremely touched. Initially, after being beaten up by Shi Yu in the God Sealing Battle, it didn’t like Shi Yu and the others very much, but now, it felt that this group of people was alright.

“Are you going to the overlord territory to find someone?” Jermon asked.

Shi Yu said, “That’s right.”

“Can I go with you?” Jermon said. “I’m also going to the overlord territory.”

It suddenly remembered that even after the spaceship was repaired, it might still encounter danger.

It was a guy who knew nothing about cosmic navigation. It was still too difficult for it to sail alone.

However, Shi Yu and the others were different. Shi Yu’s Ling was a super mechanical life form that had mastered the cosmic disaster skill. It was definitely very expert in cosmic navigation. It would be best if he could hitch a ride.

“Uh, about that,” Shi Yu said.

“l won’t let you lead the way for free. What do you want? Energy crystal, cosmic crystal, super divine stone. I have many resources here,” the Demolishing Divine Bull said.

“You have a super divine stone??” Shi Yu was surprised.

“l heard that the super divine stone is very popular in the overlord territory, so I brought one from home.”

Shi Yu said, “In that case, it’s not impossible to spend some effort to give you a ride, Examiner Jermon, but I want this super divine stone.”

“Sure,” Jermon said in pain. This was the rarest resource he had brought.

Shi Yu smiled. The last time Captain Zi Jian gave him a super divine stone, he had yet to open it and was still saving it. Now that there was another one, it wasn’t bad.

The reason why Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry to open it was because he felt that it was too troublesome to find the five super divines one at a time. He planned to gather five consecutive draws and ten consecutive draws before opening it.

Now, including this one, it was already clueless.

“In that case, Ling, help repair that spaceship and modify it into a companion spaceship. We’ll set off with Examiner Jermon,” Shi Yu said to Ling.

“Yes.” After answering, Lings clone flew out of the battleship and towards the Demolishing Divine Bull’s spaceship.

At this moment, the Demolishing Divine Bull said, ‘You guys… have already broken through to the divine level, right?”

It sensed the extraordinary aura of Ling.

“When did you leave World King Planet? Everyone should know about our

breakthrough,” Shi Yu asked.

“Not long after the God Sealing Battle ended, I left World King Planet.” “Divine level… Impressive… What have you done again? Everyone actually knows…” The corners of the Demolishing Divine Bull e s mouth twitched.

“l see. Haha, it’s nothing. We’ve indeed broken through to the divine level, and it’s been a while.. Fortunately, Examiner Jermon, didn’t you also break through to the high-level divine level?”