Chapter 1654 - Chapter 1654: Protection Archeology And Destruction Archeology (4)

Chapter 1654: Protection Archeology and Destruction Archeology (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“But it doesn’t matter to me. I’ll go on a long trip with you for a while.” “What?” Shi Yu was stunned. “You all sensed it? M/hy didn’t I sense it?”

“Who else is there?” The owl was puzzled.

“Blue Planet’s Will also sensed that the Cosmic Sea isn’t calm. It might not be as safe as the border of the universe, so she plans to decide whether to go to the Cosmic Sea after a while.’

“Ah, this.” The owl was stunned.

“Can’t your astrologers predict what will happen in the Cosmic Sea?” Shi Yu asked.

The owl shook its head. “Buji Island, 1 can’t predict anything. From the perspective of premonition, everything is peaceful and quiet. Even the battle between the Contaminated Land and the Environmental Protection Army won’t affect anything.”

“Unless the Dark King attacks the Cosmic Sea… But it’s basically impossible.”

“In short, it’s the unscientific feeling. It makes me and my brother feel that there’s something wrong with the situation recently. Strange.”

“It’s fine if it’s just the two of us. It can be seen that the state of prediction has decreased too much, but Blue Planet’s Will actually…”

She fell into deep thought. What could it be that could make the Cosmic Sea not calm?

“Forget it, forget it. There’s no need to dodge a small disaster. You can’t dodge a huge disaster. Do what you have to do. Even if the sky collapses, Lord World King will hold it up,” the owl said.

“That’s true,” Shi Yu said. “The Cosmic Sea isn’t safe, so World King Planet will definitely be safe. That’s all for now. You go to Blue Planet to wait for Teacher

Cat first. I have something to do. Then, we’ll set off from the World King Planet.’

“Alright,” the owl said. “I’m also going to communicate with Blue Planet.”

Next, Shi Yu first arrived at the archeological association of the Floating Realm. After the Floating Realm advanced to a first-level realm, the archeological association also opened a branch here.

As for the president, he was the ancestor of the Lu family, one of the four major families in the Floating Realm.

The last two could actually be seen as the families where the Space Emperor and Lin Fengs wives were. Their families also had peak divine-level experts presiding over them, but compared to the two peak divine-level experts, Wang and Lin, there was still a huge difference in strength.

Among them, the ancestor of the Lu family had a certain amount of research on archeology. Previously, he was a member of the archeological association. This time, as the status of the Floating Realm increased, he was also promoted to the president of the archeological association in the Floating Realm.

President Lu was extremely shocked when Shi Yu visited. However, Shi Yu only asked for some information about protective archeological skills through his authority before leaving.

Then, just as Shi Yu thought, the level of the World King Planet Archeological

Association was indeed a huge difference from the cosmic overlord army. Shi Yu only looked at this information once and judged that the exploration of the

Chi You Ruins wouldn’t be useful.

“If I join, I can get a president of the headquarters,” Shi Yu said.

However, it was more or less new knowledge. Shi Yu still learned it, laying the foundation for him to learn skills similar to the Passage of Time in the future.

Then, a few days later.

Two figures appeared in the Dong Huang Realm.

“From today onwards, I’m a super divine!!!”

“Aren’t you annoying? This is the seventh time you’ve said this. When you broke through, you muttered to yourself once. When you saw the Blue Planet’s Will, you said it once. When you saw the Space Emperor, when you saw me…” Teacher Tu Na followed beside the gem cat and muttered.

“You don’t understand!” The gem cat smiled richly and looked at the gloomy sky. It felt that the weather was especially clear.

“You have no idea how strong a super divine level is!”

“Who said I don’t understand!”

The two cats kept arguing. It was surprisingly the gem cat that had already broken through to the super divine level. It returned to World King Planet with the owl.

As the two cats argued, they snorted and went to find Shi Yu.

At this moment, in the Dong Huang Realm, in the realm lord mystic realm, Shi Yu also opened his eyes and smiled. Teacher Cat had finally broken through.

He teleported to the outside world in a step and appeared in front of Teacher Cat and the others.

“From today onwards, she’s a super divine!” The owl was the first to introduce her to the cat, making the gem cat look angry.

“Forget it, when are we leaving?” the gem cat asked.

“Don’t worry, tell me how it feels to be at the super divine level. Have you successfully developed how to increase the quality of the source of transcendence?”

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. I don’t have this yet. The power of faith isn’t enough. I’ll try again when I’ve gathered enough inheritance,” the gem cat said. “Hmph, but in terms of strength, it’s stronger than I imagined.”

“If I want to, I can make a wish that there’s a huge planet that leaves its orbit and collides with Blue Planet. I can make a wish that the sun accelerates for some reason and finally explode, destroying the galaxy. If it’s Blue Planet before the breakthrough, it’ll definitely be very difficult to survive such a disaster…

“Even if it’s a cosmic disaster like the Starry Sky Storm, there’s a high chance of making a wish… Isn’t it very strong to let people encounter it!”

“Stop, stop, stop.” Shi Yu’s face darkened. “Why are they all murdering Blue Planet?”

The gem cat said innocently, “It’s more direct to use planets as an example.”

Shi Yu said, “Moreover, it’s Blue Planet before it broke through. It means that it can only deal with divine-level creatures.”

“Be careful. Don’t expose your identity as the weakest super divine… Otherwise…

The cat was furious. “Who’s the weakest super divine?”

“When we reach the overlord territory, I have to defeat a super divine for you to see.”

“Let me tell you. When I saw the ancestors of the five divine races on Blue

Planet, I wanted to ask them to spar with me, but they didn’t dare to agree.”

The owl thought to itself that it didn’t dare to agree. There was no benefit in defeating it. It was only natural. If it lost to it, it would be the real weakest super divine. They weren’t stupid, so why fight?

“Low profile, low profile. When we reach the overlord territory, we have to keep a low profile. There are many more powerful divine-levels over there than on World King Planet,” Teacher Tu Na reminded, afraid that Teacher Cat would be arrogant.

“Let’s go.” The gem cat snorted.

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled. At this moment, everyone was already here. It seemed like they could set off for the overlord territory.

Not only was the overlord territory the furthest from Blue Planet, but it was also very far from World King Planet. This voyage was the true voyage. Although he didn’t cultivate to a bottleneck on World King Planet, it was the same as before. It was the same to slowly cultivate on the trip. In any case, Shi

Yu still brought a lot of resources this time.

“Prepare, prepare. Let’s go,” Shi Yu said.

After Shi Yu and the others bid farewell to their acquaintances, they set off from World King Planet and began to head to the overlord territory.

The overlord territory was indeed far away. During the voyage, the concept of time faded again. Shi Yu spent time cultivating and adding points. In the blink of an eye, a year passed.

This was even under the situation where Shi Yu used super divine level energy to drive it. In the past year, after leaving the Cosmic Sea, they had basically not encountered any life.

It seemed to be a long way from the overlord territory.

Just as Shi Yu thought that he was going to work overtime for a long time on such a boring voyage, Ling said, “Master, a spaceship has been detected sending us a distress signal.”

“After deciphering it, the other party encountered a Starry Sky Storm during the voyage and was lucky enough to escape. However, the energy has been exhausted, and the spaceship is already broken. They hope to receive our

“It’s not good, right? We don’t have much energy left,” Shi Yu said. “After saving others, we encountered an accident during this period. What if we lack energy?”

“It said… that after it became a super divine, although it lacked navigation energy, it brought a bunch of other rare cultivation resources. It will definitely repay us. It can do anything.”

“Saving people is more important. If there’s not enough energy, we can delay the replenishment of the planet on the way,” Shi Yu said.

“Wait, it seems to be someone familiar,” Ling exclaimed.

In the distance, in a broken spaceship, a divine bull flew out and mooed for help in the starry sky.

It was Shi Yu and the others, the final examiner of the God Sealing Battle, the Demolishing Divine Bull Jermon.

At this moment, the Demolishing Divine Bull was crying in the starry sky. Unlucky, too unlucky. After being released from prison, because it was beaten up by that God Sealing King, it directly became the focus of discussion on the World King Planet. After being beaten up so badly, it felt that it instantly didn’t have the face to stay on the World King Planet, nor was it willing to its relatives and friends.

The originally dim intention of joining the cosmic overlord army appeared in the Demolishing Divine Bull Jermon’s heart again.

Not only did it want to join the cosmic overlord army, but it also wanted to see the cosmic overlord’s main body and worship its idol. Therefore, it chose to run away from home and bring its mechanical assistant to the overlord territory alone.

However, they had only set off for two years when they encountered the Starry Sky Storm and almost died…

However, there was always a way out. It looked at this battleship from the direction of the Cosmic Sea excitedly and expectantly, hoping to obtain their help…

“Moo, speaking of which, why does this battleship look so familiar?”