Chapter 1659 - Chapter 1659: Overlord Territory (5)

Chapter 1659: Overlord Territory (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Roar! However, although it let the other party attack first, it still condensed a tall and huge dragon armor and armed its entire body. The towering divine armor body made Shalud’s aura even more terrifying.

A vast green divine power swept through the starry sky, forming a shocking galaxy phenomenon that flowed around.

“In that case, I won’t hold back,” the Wind Kirin clone replied calmly.

When it spoke, the examiner, Jermon, was stunned. It felt that this voice was familiar. In the next moment, as the Wind Kirin muttered softly, a small seven-colored typhoon condensed in front of it. This small typhoon was extremely violent, like the chaos caused by thousands of stars falling into a star.

Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz!! In the small typhoon, a fatal aura kept emitting, making Shalud’s heart skip a beat. In the next moment, as the Wind Kirin swung its head, the small wind ball was directly thrown out and disappeared from the spot. In an instant, spatial ripples appeared in front of Shalud.

It was only when the Starry Sky Storm approached that Shalud realized how terrifying this skill was. Its expression instantly trembled.

“This is… Starry Sky Storm?? How is this possible!!!” As Shalud shouted in

shock, its body was instantly hit. The armor on its body seemed to have encountered a terrifying attack and instantly turned into powder. The cells on its body also kept dying, as if it had encountered an incomparable toxin-like heavy injury. Under its heart-wrenching scream, the small storm even emitted a boom that was like countless stars exploding, drowning its voice.

“Shalud!!!” Seeing this scene, everyone from the Darekians Pirates was shocked and couldn’t believe it.

When everyone opened their mouths in shock to react, the light had already dissipated. At this moment, Shalud, who had just turned into a god, directly lost consciousness from all the injuries. Its body emitted smoke in the starry sky. It was first swept up by the gust and stopped for a moment. Then, in a miserable state… it slowly fell down.

“Lord Shalud!!!” Everyone was shocked again. He was… insta-killed?

“Who exactly are you!” The captain of the seventh division was shocked and couldn’t understand this scene. If the other party was a super divine, he could still understand, but they were both perfect divines. How was this possible?

“Looks like we won.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Don’t worry, its injuries aren’t fatal.’

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Jermon, who was beside him, was the most stunned. It could tell that the Wind Kirin’s move just now was clearly a skill that compressed a disaster like the Starry Sky Storm to the extreme. Jermon, who had escaped death in the Starry Sky Storm not long ago, was very familiar with the Starry Sky Storm.

But how was this possible? How could the Starry Sky Storm be compressed? Even if it mastered a similar disaster skill, how much proficiency would it take? Control?

“Could it be that it’s… Ling?” At this moment, examiner Jermon spoke beside Shi Yu. Could it be that this Wind Kirin was Ling?? After all, Ling also mastered the Starry Sky Storm!

However, in such a short period of time, it really couldn’t believe that Ling, who had yet to even enter the top three of Shi Yu e s team, could grow to this extent and instantly kill a perfect divine!

“Oh? To be precise, it’s Lings clone. Its main body is still in a navigation state, so it’s not easy to attack,” Shi Yu said.

A year ago, Ling was a quasi epoch god with two perfect (+47) divine skills. Now, Space Control, Starry Sky Storm, and other divine skills had also been maxed out by Shi Yu. A pile of quasi-transcendent divine skills could defeat a perfect divine with a clone. If it wanted its main body to attack, it had to be a super divine.

This examiner, Jermon, left the World King Planet so early. As expected, it didn’t know anything. It was just a perfect divine. What was it nervous about? It wasn’t a big deal. However, Shi Yu realized an important problem… This guy had other super divine resources in its pocket!

“What, clone???” When Shi Yu finished speaking, Jermon found it even more difficult to accept. It couldn’t understand.. Stop lying to it!