Chapter 1653 - Chapter 1653: Protection Archeology And Destruction Archeology (3)

Chapter 1653: Protection Archeology and Destruction Archeology (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“That’s right, Ling, let’s prepare!’

Shi Yu turned around and said to Ling.

“Yes!”

••

Before setting off, Shi Yu found Senior Lin and said, “Senior, there’s a reason. Let’s not explore the Chi You Ruins first. With our current abilities, it’s not enough to completely explore it. I plan to talk about it in a few days. In the next two days, you can instill all your gains here through this inheritance water droplet.”

He took out a pendant that looked like a water droplet and said, “Don’t worry, this is already very different from the memory water droplet. It won’t affect the user’s memories anymore.”

“Alright.” Senior Panda also felt a little tired. She felt that her gains in the ruins these few days were enough for her to digest for a year or two. There wasn’t much meaning in exploring further.

“Also, tell me what weapon Flower likes to use. I’ll get Eleven to use Metal

Control to help create a divine weapon later.”

“Well, this…” The panda senior said, “l don’t know either… It didn’t use weapons before.”

“Then let’s use the bamboo stick. In any case, the Iron-eating Beasts should be able to hold the bamboo easily.” Shi Yu smiled.

“That makes sense.” It was very difficult for the panda senior not to support it. After all, her family opened the Iron Bamboo Breeding Forest, and she was the most familiar with bamboo… If she had to say, what weapon was the most convenient for the pandas in the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base? It would definitely be a bamboo stick…

“Please,” said the panda senior.

“It’s not a big deal. You just have to win the next world competition.”

“No problem.” Senior Panda was especially confident now.

After all, she was now a woman who had obtained the Iron-eating Beast inheritance from the last era!

After deciding not to explore the Chi You Ruins for the time being, Shi Yu!s only thing was to add points and cultivate.

Not only were the ruins not successfully explored, there were also more troublesome things.

For example, he wanted to develop protective archeological skills, while Beast Shi Yu wanted to try cultivating the cultivation system of the previous era.

The information that had been explored at the moment could still be used by Beast Shi Yu to try cultivating.

This was something Shi Yu and Beast Shi Yu wanted to cultivate, and the additional points of the pets would definitely still be the same. Only by having a perfect (+47) divine skill could they have the possibility of challenging the Super Divine Will. In the team, apart from Susu, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Ling, the other pets clearly had yet to reach the standard.

Of course, although Shi Yu was in a hurry to explore the Chi You Ruins, he also knew that it couldn’t be rushed. The gem cat had yet to successfully break through to super divine and was still refining the source of transcendence.

If he wanted to go to the overlord territory, he definitely had to wait for the gem cat.

Therefore, Shi Yu chose to see if there were any valuable protective archeological skills from the World King Planet Archeological Association first.

Shi Yu temporarily returned to World King Planet.

At this moment, the God Sealing Battle on the World King Star had already ended. Unfortunately, although Dong Huangs bloodline was fierce this time, it was still a little inferior to the previous Shi Yu.

In short, the methods were too simple and the accumulation wasn’t enough. The Empress specialized in the Phoenix Race, the Dragon Emperor specialized in the Dragon Race, and Emperor Wu specialized in the physique… The changes in the methods weren’t exquisite enough… The first place of the God Sealing Battle was still snatched by Zavay. Among them, the Dragon Emperor and Emperor Wu both destroyed a Time Mark from Zavay and were forcefully defeated by Zavay.

It was just like how Emperor Wu had once fought Yun An. Because he didn’t have enough methods, he was defeated by Yun An with radiation.

Although he had the time mystic realm to accelerate his accumulation, Zavay also came from a time-element large race. He also had super divine elders, and he definitely had decades more accumulation than Emperor Wu and the others. It was still a long way for ordinary geniuses to defeat Zavay.

However, It was precisely because of trus that the people on World King Planet were extremely silent.

He understood even more what kind of monster Shi Yu was.

Dong Huangs Emperor Wu and the others were also so terrifying. None of them were inferior to Ming Gu, but they were still defeated by Zavay. As expected of its identity as the 79th champion.

However, such a Zavay was directly defeated by Shi Yu e s single pet… It was simply unimaginable.

Shi Yu’s talent definitely far exceeded the previous emperors of Dong Huang!

This was how the Beast Tamers of the World King Star felt after watching this batch of God Sealing Battles.

However, although Zavay won, it still lost miserably to the intermediate divine examiner, the new examiner, after losing two Time Marks.

As for the previous Demolishing Divine Bull, it had been directly beaten down by Shi Yu and retired. No one knew where it had gone.

As for Dong Huangs faction, although no one could win the championship this time, they had also gained a lot. They had caught up to the quasi divines of the first tier of the universe less than a year after reviving. They were already very satisfied and felt that in another year, they could defeat Zavay.

Shi Yu wasn’t very surprised by the outcome of this battle. This was because when he replicated Zavay’s skill, Shi Yu also discovered that Zavay had improved quite a lot this year. Perhaps it had undergone a new transformation after losing to him. These old geniuses were also improving at all times.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu.’

After Shi Yu returned to the World King Planet, the Prediction Owl found Shi Yu immediately.

“What’s wrong?”

Shi Yu was surprised to see the owl rushing over.

“When are you going to the overlord territory?” the owl asked.

“When Teacher Ying successfully breaks through.”

“Well, the cat hasn’t successfully broken through yet? In short, hurry up. I can’t wait anymore,” the owl said.

“From your expression, you don’t look like you can’t wait to travel, nor do you look like you want to level up…” Shi Yu was suspicious.

“It’s nothing. It’s just that in the past few days, 1 vaguely feel that something big will happen in the Cosmic Sea. I don’t want to stay here any longer. My brother feels the same, but the foundation of the Astrologer Race is here. It can’t leave..