Chapter 1651 - Chapter 1651: Protection Archeology And Destruction Archeology (1)

Chapter 1651: Protection Archeology and Destruction Archeology (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Looks like the direction of exploring the Chi You Ruins is about to change.”

After entering the Chi You Ruins this time, Shi Yu no longer thought about the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast Era or the cultivation system of the previous era.

These were all unimportant. He only cared about why Ying Long and the others knew him.

“Eleven, let’s not fight Ying Long anymore. I’ll take you to the overlord territory to fight real super divines later!”

The name of the overlord territory was the same as the Cosmic Sea, the

Contaminated Land, the Worm Mother Nest, and the Behemoth Empire.

“It’s an obsession phantom to begin with. Defeating it probably won’t be very helpful in training you. It’s not a necessary battle, unlike Susu and the abyss super divine, who are incompatible like fire and water. There’s a reason to win.”

“Sob…” Eleven expressed that Shi Yu was talking nonsense. It was already very happy to be able to fight a dragon, but… it listened to Shi Yu.

“If I help Chi You resolve his obsession, the ruins might completely disappear.

On the other hand, if Chi You’s obsession can’t be resolved, the ruins will definitely exist forever.”

“This way, there are also more opportunities to enter the dream ruins and explore the mystery of my transmigration in my previous life.” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Brother Chi You, since you know me, be unwilling for a while longer.

In any case, Brother Chi You, you’ve already been indignant for tens of billions of years. It’s fine to endure a few more years.

Next, after Shi Yu ate some supplements, he worked very hard. Then, he planned to enter a dream a second time.

This time, Shi Yu still possessed Chi You.

Emperor Huang and Ying Long stj.ll followed the script.

However, this time, Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry to fight. Instead, he stood in the air and looked at Emperor Huang and Ying Long.

“Ying Long, do you know Shi Yu?” he asked directly.

Ying Long was also stunned. It didn’t expect Chi You to ask about others when he was about to die.

“You still know that scourge?” Ying Long said, “No matter who you know, you won’t be able to escape death this time!!!”

Disaster!

Shi Yu cried. Yes, it was him!

However, not long after Shi Yu was touched, a bug seemed to have appeared in this world of obsession.

It collapsed with a bang.

Shi Yu consumed a lot of energy again, even greater than the last time. He woke up.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng handed over a root for Shi Yu to hold in his mouth.

“Why, why, why.” Shi Yu got up and was very unconvinced. Why was it fine for Senior Panda to explore the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast in the ruins, and it was fine to explore the cultivation method of the previous era?

It was so difficult for him to just know who he was.

“Ten more.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, he ate the supplements under Baby Ginsengs shocked expression.

Soon, Shi Yu entered the ruins again.

Before Ying Long could attack, Shi Yu casually found something that could be carved. He wanted to use the “online communication” method to send a pigeon to ask Shi Yu who he was.

However, there were still changes this time.

Shi Yu had just written his name when the ruins collapsed again not long after.

This time, the backlash Shi Yu suffered was even more serious. He even coughed out blood. After all, after he reached the 11th heavenly layer, even if he added points and deduced, he had never been in such a miserable state.

“Why don’t we try another day… The seal that Senior Space Emperor just strengthened is about to crack again.”

Chi Tong helped Shi Yu up and spoke worriedly like a father taking care of a terminally ill father.

The difference was that she was already used to Shi Yu’s weak and old state.

However, even if it was very used to a weak state, it definitely couldn’t explore for the time being. If it came again, it would really be dangerous.

“Baby Ginseng, medicine!” Chi Tong said. Baby Ginseng immediately carried the Heavenly Emperor Cauldron and brought over a pot of medicinal soup boiled inside.

This was its new research. The effect should be better.

“No.” Shi Yu had a headache.

In the surroundings, Eleven, Buggy, Susu, and the others watched eagerly, not knowing how to help the Beast Tamer.

“In my opinion, there’s no hurry.”

Just as everyone was at a loss, Ling suddenly appeared. Space ripples blinked, and a mini cosmic battleship descended.

On the mini battleship, a battleship girl phantom shot out. “Ling? You’re finally done refining,” Shi Yu said. “Eh, your eyes…” “Yes,” Ling said. “l refined the lucky star into contact lenses.”

Chi Tong, Susu, and the others: ???

This was also a weapon???

“Uh.” Shi Yu looked carefully into Lings eyes. His original eyes had turned into a starry sky with a golden star floating inside.

“This makes it easier to see the changes in luck… But this isn’t the key.”

“Master, you’re in trouble, right?”

Shi Yu said, “What do you think?”

As he leaned against Chi Tong, he gulped down the medicinal soup and transmitted his experience to Ling in greater detail.

After pondering for a moment, Ling said, “My suggestion is that Master continue to improve your archeological abilities.”

“Improve archeological abilities?”

Ling said, “Generally speaking, the goal of Beast Tamers’ archeology is to obtain rarer resources, stronger skills, and stronger inheritances from ancient ruins. In order to achieve this goal, it doesn’t matter even if they destroy ruins… After all, it’s profitable.”

Shi Yu felt that Ling was implying something about him. Passage of Time,

“However, in the universe, there are also many ordinary planets without extraordinary power. The archeology there is usually ‘protection-type archeology’, protecting ancient ruins to better obtain information from them and restore history.”

Shi Yu nodded. He knew this. On Earth without extraordinary power and without any transcendent treasures in the ruins, the archeological teams were all like this..