Chapter 1663 - Chapter 1663: Challenging A Cosmic Overlord (4)

Chapter 1663: Challenging a Cosmic Overlord (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Her expression was strange, very strange, making Shi Yu, who was opposite her, have a bad feeling.

“What’s wrong, Captain Zi Jian…”

“If you want to collect Wish Stars, you might not have a chance.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu said nervously. Even if the Wish Star inheritance was in the hands of a super divine-level expert, he still had to collect it.

Searching half of it, wouldn’t this force someone with OCD to death?

“There is indeed the Wish Star inheritance in the overlord territory, and there are four Wish Stars!” Captain Zi Jian said.

Shi Yu nodded. Yes, four pieces!!

Captain Zi Jian said, “These four Wish Star inheritances were originally scattered in the overlord territory, the Behemoth Empire, and the Worm

Nest.”

“They were all captured by the cosmic overlord army in the war.”

“After a few turns, they didn’t successfully be fused by anyone. In the end, they all landed in the hands of the ‘collector’.”

“The collector is a super divine expert in the cosmic overlord army. He’s famous for his hobby of collecting various rare treasures.”

Shi Yu asked, “The four inheritances are all in the hands of this collector??”

[l can tell from the name. This guy must be very stingy!] The bull thought to itself that it wouldn’t be easy to obtain the inheritances.

“No, if that’s all, you still have hope of obtaining it. As long as you take out a rarer treasure and trade with him, he might not refuse,” Captain Zi Jian said. “But the problem is that on the ‘overlord’s birthday’, the collector gave the four Wish Stars to the cosmic overlord as a gift.”

“The birthday of the overlord is a festival that’s spread in the overlord territory to celebrate the day the cosmic overlord becomes the strongest in the universe. On this day, many experts will send gifts to congratulate the cosmic overlord.’

“Of course, the cosmic overlord doesn’t care about this at all. It might not even know the information of these gifts. Basically, these gifts will be transported by the cosmic overlord army to the overlord treasure vault to collect.”

“It’s impossible to take out something that has entered the overlord’s treasure vault… That’s impossible,” Captain Zi Jian said. “No one dares to touch Lord Cosmic Overlord’s things, even if it’s at the peak of the super divine level, even if Lord Cosmic Overlord doesn’t care about those things.”

“Ah, this.” Shi Yu was stunned. The four Wish Stars were together. When he heard this information, Shi Yu was originally pleasantly surprised. He felt that it could save a lot of time to collect them, but now that he heard Captain Zi Jian’s words, it seemed a little complicated to obtain them.

“Therefore, if you want to obtain it, you can only get it personally from the cosmic overlord, right?” Shi Yu asked.

Captain Zi Jian was amused. What kind of daydream was this?

The bull also looked at Shi Yu as if it was looking at an idiot.

It was already as difficult as ascending to the heavens to see a cosmic overlord, and he still wanted a cosmic overlord to give him a gift? He even specified items? And four? Dream on!!

“Moo!!! (As expected of you.)” The bull scoffed.

“Captain Zi Jian, let’s talk about something. Give me the recommendation spot for the Glory Challenge with your purple medal. I want to undergo the Glory Challenge and meet the cosmic overlord.”

Captain Zi Jian and the Demolishing Divine Bull: “?”

“What, you also want to undergo the Glory Challenge?” Captain Zi Jian said in shock. “Didn’t I tell you the premise? You have to be a member of the cosmic overlord army to be recommended and challenge.”

“Then I’ll join the cosmic overlord army,” Shi Yu said. If it were in the past, he might have been conflicted. After all, World King Planet was the most suitable support for Blue Planet.

However, after learning that Goddess Wa r s strength was at the peak of the super divine level and that she had once managed the cosmic overlord army on behalf of the cosmic overlord, Shi Yu understood that Goddess Wa had a deep relationship with the cosmic overlord. Otherwise, it was impossible for Goddess Wa to let him ask the cosmic overlord for help.

The cosmic overlord army was the best support! So be it. The World King Planet didn’t specify that he wasn’t allowed to join the cosmic overlord army or not. Using his relationship with Goddess Wa, he was still embarrassed to directly ask the cosmic overlord for the Wish Star.

“Moo!!!” The bull also looked at Shi Yu in shock. Wait a minute, why did he also want to join the cosmic overlord army? Wasn’t he the supernova of the World King Star, the King of Gods?

“Are you sure???” Captain Zi Jian was confused. She could tell that Shi Yu really wanted the Wish Star. She said, “Even if you join, even if 1 recommend you, the Glory Challenge is really difficult. If you’re still at the quasi-divine level, you might have a chance… After all, you can be called the strongest quasi-divine…”

“But you’ve just broken through to the divine level…”

Shi Yu said, “I’ve made up my mind. I still want to challenge the deterrence of the cosmic overlord..