Chapter 1668 - Chapter 1668: It’S Alright, I’Ll Attack (1)

Chapter 1668: It’s Alright, I’ll Attack (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Twilight Star Realm, Heavenly Net Planet. Shi Yu was woken up by the gem cat. After hearing the warning from the cosmic overlord army, he immediately contacted Ling telepathically.

However, what made Shi Yu frown was that his mental connection with Ling had been completely severed. He couldn’t contact Ling at all.

“Where’s Ling?” Shi Yu ignored everything and subconsciously asked the gem cat about Lings traces.

“I’ve been replenishing the energy of the battleship in the courtyard just now. Now, I think I’ve fallen asleep.” Before the gem cat could finish speaking, Shi Yu had already found Ling in the courtyard area through his psychic perception. He immediately rushed out and entered the battleship.

At this moment, Ling was in the form of a mechanical ship girl. It was sleeping in the captain’s room. Seeing that the surrounding environment didn’t seem to have been destroyed, Shi Yu’s mood became even more serious.

“Ling, Ling.” Shi Yu tried to use various methods to summon Ling, even hoping to enter Lings dream, but he didn’t succeed no matter what.

“It can make Ling unable to resist at all. It didn’t even have time to contact me before it fell asleep…” Shi Yu said, “Damn it, what exactly happened in the Twilight Star Realm?”

“Wuu!! Wii!!”

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Eleven and the others were also worried about Lings situation. At this moment, the gem cat and the owl also boarded the battleship.

“Shi Yu, I predicted that the next Twilight Star Realm would be very dangerous. Many mechanical lives would launch a rebellion and attack humans and other cosmic life forms.’

“Oh no, oh no.” The owl girl exploded. She didn’t expect that the overlord territory was even more dangerous and strange than the Contaminated Land.

“Teacher Ying, your level is the highest. Make a wish and see if you can awaken Ling.”

The gem cat immediately nodded. Ling was sleeping, which meant that Ling was still resisting that unknown power and had yet to be affected by the other party. It might have the ability to assist it in completing the resistance.

“I’ll make a wish for Ling to defeat an unknown power and obtain lucidity.” The gem cat closed its eyes slightly and tried its best to make a wish.

However, after a while, nothing happened. Ling still didn’t wake up.

However, although Ling didn’t wake up, Shi Yu vaguely felt that he had reconnected with Lings mind.

“It’s useful,” the gem cat said.

Although it was intermittent, like the signal was bad, Shi Yu indeed vaguely heard Lings voice.

Or rather, a hint. [Master…]

[Destroyed… ruins…]

“Ling, Ling, can you hear me?”

When Shi Yu heard Lings voice, he spoke again, but he didn’t receive a response.

“We’ll go immediately.”

When Ling mentioned destroying ruins, Shi Yu understood that it meant destroying the cosmic ruins of the previous era.

The cosmic overlord army also said that the change this time might have come from this ancient ruin.

“Roar!!!!!!”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, a ten-thousand-kilometer-long Green Dragon appeared in the sky. Its entire body emitted an incomparably powerful aura, and light flickered on its body. Shi Yu, the gem cat, and the owl girl instantly stood on it.

Before flying, Shi Yu successfully put Ling back into the Beast Taming Space without any obstruction. In the Beast Taming Space, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and the others immediately started a second round of rescue for Ling.

As for Shi Yu, he rode Buggy and prepared to fly into the starry sky to find the last era ruins of the Twilight Star Realm.

However, before Shi Yu and the others could set off, many robots flew over from outer space. They had different forms and levels, from overlords to divine-level.

A divine-level huge divine weapon mecha shot a light cannon at Shi Yu and the others from afar without saying a word. The golden light cannon penetrated the clouds, but it was directly shattered by Buggy’s dragon roar.

“Roar! ! !

Buggy’s dragon roar turned into a substantial sound wave mental attack that swept past all the mechanical lives like a cosmic storm. These mechanical lives instantly fell from the sky like broken pieces.

“Let’s go.”

Shi Yu ignored these controlled mechanical lives and let Buggy set off directly. In the next moment, Buggy had already broken through the restrictions of the Heavenly Net Planet and arrived in the starry sky.

At this moment, another figure also ascended to the starry sky. Captain Zi Jian was riding an ancient giant worm. It was a winged creature with dazzling light, a starry sky moth comparable to a big city. It was one of Zi Jian’s battle

Shi Yu had learned that this skarry sky moth’s race was extremely high. It could be said to be a progenitor-level scale-winged creature. It was hatched from a pet egg obtained by Captain Zi Jian in an ancient ruin.

“Shi Yu!” At this moment, Zi Jian also discovered Shi Yu. She said, “Something happened. How’s your Ling?”

” Sleeping. ”

“My mechanical pet is the same. The source of the mutation should be the ruins of the era.’

“I’m planning to go over there to take a look.”

“Me too,” Shi Yu said. “I’m not too sure of the exact location. I’ll trouble Captain Zi Jian to lead the way.”

Zi Jian nodded. The huge moth turned into light spots and quickly flew over like a beam of light in the starry sky. Its speed was extremely fast. Of course, Buggy followed behind and wasn’t left behind at all. Shi Yu even felt that the other party’s speed was too slow.

“l have a headache. I wonder if Ling is alright. How’s the current situation?” Sitting on the Green Dragon, the gem cat and owl had worried expressions.

The gem cat didn’t expect its super divine wishes to be useless.

The owl said, “Don’t talk. I’m predicting..”