Chapter 1664 - Chapter 1664: Luck Turns Around (1)

Chapter 1664: Luck Turns Around (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Looking at Shi Yu’s gaze, Zi Jian could confirm that this guy was serious.

She wanted to say something, but in the end, she gave up.

“So you mean…”

“I’ll join the overlord army first. Then, Captain Zi Jian will recommend me. Sorry to trouble you, Captain Zi Jian! Well… With your status, Captain Zi Jian, you should be able to directly approve my entry, right? I’ll register under the Zi Jian’s special forces first,” Shi Yu said.

Zi Jian was silent. If that skeleton, Luster, knew that Shi Yu planned to join her team, it would probably be envious to the point of madness.

“I still have to remind you…”

“Elementary-level, intermediate-level, high-level, top-notch, and perfect-level… Above this, there are even stronger divines that have reached the extreme.’

“But even if it’s them, the chances of passing the Glory Challenge are minimal.

The last Glory Challenge was completed by someone hundreds of millions of years ago…”

“What you do next might only be useless.”

“Perhaps the cosmic overlord doesn’t want to see outsiders at all, so he set an impossible challenge from the start.”

Shi Yu said, “Captain Zi Jian, don’t worry. If I can’t pass, I won’t force it. Of course, in order to increase the success rate of passing, I’m not too anxious. I’ll prepare for a period of time first.”

“By the way, didn’t you say last time that you were here to explore a cosmic ruin from two eras ago? How’s this ruin?”

“Forget it, as long as you’re happy. But speaking of which, regardless of

whether you can pass, my recommendation spot isn’t free.” Zi Jian shook her head.

“In addition, although you can also withdraw after joining the overlord army, the rules of our overlord army are strict. If you want to withdraw after the battle, you have to pay a certain price.”

“I know, I know.” Shi Yu nodded. Money was just like terminating the contract to compensate for the breach of contract. However, the cosmic overlord army wanted more. Of course, the benefits that any member of the overlord army could obtain weren’t bad.

Although it was the infamous bandit army in the universe, the internal rules were very clear.

“It’s good that you know all of it… As for that ruin…” Captain Zi Jian said, “Although it has been successfully opened, no one has successfully explored it. ”

“What are the ruins like??” Shi Yu was immediately very curious.

In the last cosmic era, Shi Yu guessed that it was probably a mythical system led by gods like the Four Holy Beasts and Goddess Wa.

Then, what about a ruin from two eras ago?

“What we can know at the moment is that this ruin is very special. It’s like a maze.”

“According to speculation, the number of changes in the route of this ruins maze is endless.’

“Perhaps only by walking out of the maze can we see the truth of the ruins. However, up until now, no archeologist has been able to crack the maze. Some people determine that among the endless changes in routes, only one is the correct route. And to take the right route… is undoubtedly to analyze and calculate the optimal solution in the endless changes. This workload is too big. ”

“It’s suitable for mechanical lives to crack,” Shi Yu said as he looked at Ling.

Captain Zi Jian said, “That’s right. At the moment, ordinary archeologists have already given up on attacking the ruins from the perspective of cracking the maze. They have all turned to other angles, leaving some mechanical lives cracking the maze route.”

“At the moment, there’s even a super divine mechanical intelligence that’s expert in analysis and calculations invited to assist in cracking it. It has mastered a top-notch intelligent divine skill that has been upgraded to the fifth stage, but even so, it’s said that it’s still far from cracking the maze.”

“This…” Shi Yu said, “Is it that difficult?”

When he heard that, Shi Yu originally planned to let Ling give it a try, but now, he gave up.

The top-notch intelligence divine skill of the fifth stage was equivalent to a transcendent top-notch intelligence divine skill, and it was a super divine machine… If it couldn’t crack it, Ling would probably be in trouble.

Ling was only a perfect divine now. It wasn’t even an epoch god, let alone a super divine. Moreover, Lings intelligent divine skill was only of high-level quality, not top-notch quality. It was still a certain distance away from the super divine mechanical life form of the cosmic overlord army.

However, a top-notch intelligent divine skill… If he could touch it, he could upgrade the system for Ling.

[Master, you can actually give it a try. The computational and analysis ability isn’t enough, but maybe you can rely on luck. Sometimes, you can find the best solution among countless possibilities. Ability isn’t the most important thing, and luck is also very important.] Ling was very loyal.

[Is that so? We’ll talk about it when we have time. The Chi You Ruins is the most important now. Let’s find an opportunity to learn protective archeological skills first.]

Shi Yu could still differentiate between priority and priority. Now, what he wanted to know the most was still the mystery of transmigrating, not the information from the previous era.

“Of course it’s difficult. So next, do you want to try to crack the ruins with me or prepare for the Glory Challenge?”

“This…” Shi Yu raised his head slightly and looked at Captain Zi Jian. “Prepare for the Glory Challenge.”

“Alright. Sigh, I feel that my recommendation opportunity will definitely be made to ducks and drakes of. This recommendation opportunity, I’ll replenish my Cultivation Fruit at the market price.”

“There’s also a market price for this recommendation spot?” Shi Yu said.

“Of course. It’s still very precious.”

Shi Yu said, “Alright… But my Cultivation Fruit is also very precious.”

Zi Jian waved her hand and said, ‘E ln any case, it’s a resource you monopolize..

You can say whatever you want, but you shouldn’t be so stingy to give me less, right?”