Chapter 1665 - Chapter 1665: Luck Turns Around (2)

Chapter 1665: Luck Turns Around (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“…I’ll try my best,” Shi Yu said.

“So, the two of you plan to join the cosmic overlord army, right?” Zi Jian said to Shi Yu and Jermon.

“Yes, yes, yes, I’ll join the Zi Jian’s special forces too!” Examiner Jermon, the Demolishing Divine Bull, said. Although the Zi Jian’s special forces weren’t its first choice, seeing that Shi Yu was here, it felt that it was more convenient to have an acquaintance.

“Alright, then wait for me,” Zi Jian said.

Zi Jian was very welcoming to Shi Yu and Jermon.

After all, one was a super genius of the Blue Planet bloodline, and the other was a super divine expert. Their identities and backgrounds were very strong. With their participation, the foundation of the Zi Jian’s special forces would be stronger.

After Captain Zi Jian left, Jermon looked at Shi Yu and said, “Are you really going to carry out the Glory Challenge…”

“It sounds very difficult, but you have to let me watch the battle. I hope I can have a chance to challenge it in my lifetime!”

“It would be abnormal if the power of the number one expert in the universe was simple. However, it’s precisely because it’s difficult that it has challenge value,” Shi Yu said. “Even if it fails, the training value it can provide is probably not small.”

“That’s true, and there doesn’t seem to be a need to worry too much about you…” The corners of Jermon’s mouth twitched. After all, Lings clone could instantly kill a perfect divine. Perhaps Shi Yu’s current strength was ridiculously strong even among divine-levels.

As for whether Shi Yu could pass the Glory Challenge, Jermon was really not sure. It would only know after watching it.

Soon, Captain Zi Jian returned and brought two technological equipment for Shi Yu and Jermon. She threw it to them and said, “This is called the cosmic terminal. It can connect to the army’s exclusive Internet in most star areas in the overlord territory.”

“Compared to other Internet-connected technologies, its authority is higher, and it doesn’t have any life consciousness. It only has a fixed program and is the best helper for the members of the cosmic overlord army.”

“I’ve already activated my identity for you. Next, you just have to register the information yourselves.”

After taking the cosmic terminal, Shi Yu and Jermon nodded.

“By the way, Captain Zi Jian, as newbies of Zi Jian’s special forces, shouldn’t we learn some archeological knowledge?” Shi Yu said.

“Uh.” Zi Jian was stunned. He looked at Shi Yu and said, “If that cow wants to learn, do you still need it?”

Although it might be due to luck that Shi Yu could crack the ruins of the Four Holy Era, his archeological attainments were already entry-level, right?

“Moo!!! Actually, I still like to be a combatant,” the Demolishing Divine Bull said.

“With your half-baked strength, why would you be a combatant?” Captain Zi Jian said, “Go be a logistics officer first.”

Jermon:

“Yes, I’m already expert level in destructive archeological skills, but protective archeological skills can be said to be not at the entry level. Perhaps I can learn this.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I wonder if Captain Zi Jian can, expert level or not, provide some learning information?”

Zi Jian was silent. “I’m not very good at protective archeological skills either.” Shi Yu said, “So you’re also a destruction-type.”

“Hmph, I’ve also learned it before and exchanged her archeological EXP with a senior in the archeological world, but I’m indeed not cut out for it. I couldn’t become an expert even after learning it for a long time.”

“Generally speaking, there can only be one expert level out of destruction and protection types. Just like how it’s very difficult for water-element pets to master fire-element skills, there are very few cases where they can master the power of both destruction and protection at the same time. They’re all unique examples. It’s the same for the two archeological models.”

“If you want to learn, you can learn from my experience.”

“I’ll use the cosmic terminal to send it to you privately, but if you learn slowly, give up as soon as possible.” Captain Zi Jian was very generous.

It was mainly because the Zi Jian’s special forces indeed lacked protective archeological talent. If Shi Yu could comprehend something, she could also have another partner in the future.

“Alright, I’m still very confident in my talent,” Shi Yu said. “Then next, I’ll prepare for the Glory Challenge on Heavenly Net Planet and study archeological knowledge well.”

“Sure,” Zi Jian said. “But is your Blue Planet really at ease with you staying outside for a long time?”

Shi Yu smiled. “Captain Zi Jian, you know nothing about my strength now. You can ask the Darekians Pirates who came with us.’

“Huh?” Zi Jian said, “Alright, then you guys go and rest first. I’ll go do your things.”

Next, Shi Yu temporarily stayed on Heavenly Net Planet.

He had also received an archeological manual from Captain Zi Jian. This archeological manual was similar to the Passage of Time skill. It also required the user to cultivate the corresponding Beast Taming Talent and assemble it.

If it was said that destructive Passage of Time required telepathy, space, and time talent, then protective archeological skills had to master “Restoration Talent” on this foundation.

The concept of the Restoration Talent was very complicated. It was one of the super talents. Although the name was very ordinary, its ability was very abnormal. It could repair the various injuries of the Beast Tamer, and its various injuries could also repair damaged objects, broken spaces, and even incomplete laws.

Of course, there had never been a Beast Tamer with a super divine level repair talent. On World King Planet, although genius Beast Tamers who were born with this talent would occasionally appear, there were really no Beast Tamers who had reached a very powerful level. In addition, because this talent was too rare, the learning method of the Restoration Talent wasn’t summarized in the system..