Chapter 1666 - Chapter 1666: Luck Turns Around (3)

Chapter 1666: Luck Turns Around (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

However, this senior actually concluded it, and it actually matched the other three talents very well.

“l see. Telepathy, time, space, and repair, trying to reverse the collapsed ruins and repair the ruins to protect.”

There were many protective archeological skills, and the skill that Captain Zi Jian had obtained to integrate the Restoration Talent was one of them. Shi Yu felt that this was very suitable for him. After all, if he wanted to upgrade his Beast Taming Talent, with the Cultivation Fruit, he could achieve twice the result with half the effort.

“How profound.” Wearing the cosmic terminal, Shi Yu kept looking at this protective archeological skill and felt that the archeologists here were indeed stronger than the group of people from the archeological association.

The cultivation difficulty and complexity of this protective archeological skill was even higher than the Passage of Time. These pioneers were really geniuses. They had probably spent countless years to work hard and perfect it.

“Not bad.” Ling was also beside Shi Yu, assisting him in learning and analyzing. It said, “When we encounter ruins in the future, maybe they won’t have to collapse.”

“Thank this senior for those ruins first.’

“Oh? What do you mean?” Shi Yu said.

Ling said, “Then, the previous archeological skill is called Passage of Time. This is called ‘Luck Turns Around’?

“Not only will a fate that should have collapsed and shattered not appear now, but its broken body might also be repaired. It’s really a change in luck. It’s very appropriate.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

“I’m going to try to learn it. I wonder if I can learn it. Even with the Cultivation

Fruit, it doesn’t feel very easy.”

“Ling, wake up the two cat teachers first…”

“Roger.”

“What?” On the other side, Captain Zi Jian also learned Shi Yu’s battle results from the Seventh Division of the Darekians Pirates.

The Wind Kirin that could create the Starry Sky Storm and compress it…

should be Ling.

Ling could actually instantly kill a perfect divine. No wonder Shi Yu dared to try the Glory Challenge.

“Captain, Shi Yu realm lord’s growth speed is so fast,” Zi Jian’s two trusted guards exclaimed.

“Interesting. Although I still don’t think he can succeed, I’ll barely help him this time. It’s useless even if the recommendation spot is empty.” Captain Zi Jian smiled and said, “With his resume, he can pass the approval.”

After thinking it through, she immediately applied to the super divine experts in charge of the Glory Challenge, King Lie, through the overlord network.

In the overlord territory, in a white star field, there was a red planet.

On the red planet, a middle-aged man was drinking fine wine with an old man.

“Ting Xiang, are you sure you want to recommend your granddaughter to the Glory Challenge?”

“She’s only at the eleventh level of the divine level. At this level, she has just entered the sect. It’s impossible for her to withstand the deterrence of the overlord.’

The old man named Ting Xiang laughed and said, “l didn’t expect her to pass the challenge in the first place. However, as the most dazzling new star of our cosmic overlord army, Ting Yu has been invincible for too long.”

“Among the new generation of divine-level geniuses, no one can compete with her.’

“Those divine-level geniuses of the older generation who can defeat her are all sleeping, waiting for a new transcendent origin to be born. They won’t wake up for the time being.”

“This girl doesn’t even take ordinary super divines seriously now. She needs some pressure too much.”

“Therefore, you bewitched her to carry out the Glory Challenge, wanting her to recognize the further path under the pressure of the overlord,” the red-haired and white-eyed middle-aged man said calmly.

“If it’s for her own good, how can you say that I bewitched her? Moreover, she really wants to see the cosmic overlord.” The old man stroked his beard.

“Her parents died young, so I’m counting on her to inherit my title. I have no choice.’

“Alright,” King Lie said. Suddenly, his cosmic terminal blinked. Then, Lie Wang said in surprise, “What a coincidence.”

“l didn’t expect that after no one challenged the Glory Challenge for so long, there would be two the moment they came.”

“Huh?” the old man said.

“Captain Zi Jian of Zi Jian’s special forces used her recommendation spot like you and recommended a new recruit in her team to undergo the Glory Challenge.”

“Zi Jian’s special forces? I think I’ve heard of that purple-haired girl. She seems to be the archeological genius with the strongest archeological talent discovered by the army in the past thousand years,” he said. “Haha, it should be her. This girl is also quite outstanding, but she’s inferior to my granddaughter.”

“However, why would she use the recommendation spot? There are very strong soldiers in her archeological team?”

Although there were many people who had recommendation spots for the Glory Challenge in the cosmic overlord army, the recommendation spots weren’t given randomly.

If the target recommended was too weak, recommending the other party to participate in the Glory Challenge would undoubtedly be an insult to the cosmic overlord.

At this moment, even if someone recommended it, the one in charge of managing the Glory Challenge, King Lie, would reject the challenge application.

Therefore, when applying for a challenge, one had to bring enough convincing battle results.

“It’s a human recruit from the World King Planet of the Cosmic Sea. Oh? This recruit’s resume is not bad. He once dominated the World King Planet’s God Sealing Battle and easily defeated an intermediate divine with the strength of a quasi divine. He successfully reached the top of the younger generation of the World King Planet and became the King of God,” King Lie said.

“Quasi divine?” asked the old man, Ting Xiang.

“No, he has already broken through.”

“Not long after he broke through to the divine level, he obtained the strength to crush top-notch divines. Not long ago, he even easily killed the perfect divine of the Darekians Pirates, Shalud,” King Lie said..