Chapter 1667 - Chapter 1667: Luck Turns Around (4)

Chapter 1667: Luck Turns Around (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“It sounds like your strength isn’t bad. Your pet might have already touched the threshold of the epoch god and is also at the peak of the divine level,” Ting

Xiang said. “However, this little strength isn’t enough to challenge, right?” “Well, that’s right, but the problem is that when it insta-killed Shalud, it wasn’t the pet and the Beast Tamer attacking together, but the pet itself…”

“This…” Ting Xiang said, “That’s barely enough.”

Lie Kong smiled and said, “Interesting.”

“What’s interesting?”

“This new recruit of Zi Jian’s special forces, Shi Yu, is interesting. According to the information, the pet that instantly killed Shalud is only one of Shi Yu’s ten battle pets. His other nine pets have strength that’s not inferior to this pet…”

“What?? Impossible!” Old Ting Xiang looked shocked. How was this possible? Even his granddaughter didn’t nurture such a huge number of pets with strong battle power.

“Of course, it refers to the quasi-divine-level God Sealing Battle,” King Lie said. “His current strength is unknown.”

Old Tingxiang heaved a sigh of relief. This was still acceptable. Perhaps after breaking through to the divine level, the other party specialized in nurturing one.

“A genius from the World King Planet of the Cosmic Sea? If she knew that a genius from the Cosmic Sea was coming, Ting Yu might be very happy.

Previously, she had always wanted to go to the Cosmic Sea, the Contaminated Land, the Behemoth Empire, and the Worm Mother Nest to challenge experts from other places, but I rejected her.”

“You’ve protected your granddaughter too well. Her talent isn’t bad. After training, she has a chance of reaching the 12th heavenly layer.” “l know, but her parents died in the outside world. I’m really worried.” “So you’ve also passed Shi Yu’s Glory Challenge?” the old man asked.

“Yes, 1 passed him. He’s from Blue Planet, a planet with 11 super divines. He’s a newly risen super faction in the Cosmic Sea. How can I not give some support to the number one genius of such a large faction when he comes to the cosmic overlord army? 1 believe he will definitely submit to Lord Cypos’ deterrence.” King Lie smiled.

“A planet with 11 super divines?” The old man was shocked again. “A new faction? That’s really impressive.”

“I’ll inform Captain Zi Jian of the application results first,” King Lie said. They were just about to contact Zi Jian through the overlord network, but soon, his expression changed slightly. “What’s wrong?”

“l can’t contact Zi Jian.”

“Heavenly Net Planet.”

“No, the information connection between the Heavenly Net Planet and the outside world is completely sealed.”

“Even the overlord network can’t break through.”

“Something happened in the Twilight Star Realm.”

The old man said, “Is the Twilight Star Realm the star domain where the ruins of the last era were excavated?”

“That’s right. Now that many of our archeological teams are gathered over there, what happened?” King Lie fell into deep thought and said, “There should be a problem during the cracking of the era ruin.”

“As expected, these ruins are either ‘auspicious’ or ‘disaster.”

“Inform the headquarters,” the old man said. “This matter is more important.”

Twilight Star Realm.

At this moment, people from the cosmic overlord army gradually realized that their communication with the outside world had been cut off.

Apart from that, there were also violent changes in the cosmic ruins of the last era that the cosmic overlord army was exploring. The ruins suddenly closed, and countless mechanical lives and archeologists were locked inside, including a super divine mechanical life form.

“Warning! Warning! Warning!”

At that moment, Shi Yu, who was still sleeping soundly, had his cosmic terminal thrown to the side. He completely didn’t hear the warning notification coming from it.

It was still the communicator picked up by the cat girl in the outside world.

“Hey, hey, hey, Shi Yu, something seems to have happened. Wake up.” The gem cat kept slapping Shi Yu’s face with its cat palm. Shi Yu woke up and rubbed his eyes. “What’s wrong?”

“Damn, my face hurts.”

“Listen to it yourself.”

“Warning! Warning! Ruins codename 31220 has undergone an abnormality, causing a disaster in the entire Twilight Star Realm. Type of disaster: Weapon Crisis!”

“At the moment, a portion of the mechanical lives in the Twilight Star Realm have already lost their rationality under the control of an unknown power. They resisted their master, and a portion of the mechanical lives fell into a deep sleep against an unknown power. Please be careful of your mechanical lives, regardless of whether they lose control or are awake. We’re working hard to investigate the reason. Please cooperate fully.”

Shi Yu was shocked and said, “It’s fake, right? If there was an intelligence and machinery crisis, it wouldn’t have been its turn to issue a warning..”