Chapter 1669 - Chapter 1669: It’S Alright, I’Ll Attack (2)

Chapter 1669: It’s Alright, I’ll Attack (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

On the other side, as Shi Yu and the others flew in the starry sky, Shi Yu was also talking to Captain Zi Jian through telepathy. “Captain Zi Jian, do you know something?”

“Is there a solution?”

Zi Jian said, “l don’t know what’s going on either. There’s no solution for the time being.”

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “In that case, I’ll settle it according to my method.”

Zi Jian was shocked. “You have a solution?”

Shi Yu said, “I completed a short mental connection with the sleeping Ling. 1 don’t know what it’s experiencing, but it made me destroy the ruins. This should be the solution.’

“Wait.” Zi Jian was shocked again and said, “Putting aside the fact that the era ruins over there aren’t easy to destroy, it’s already closed.”

“In addition, this ruin is an important exploration target of the overlord army.

Without the orders of our superiors, we can’t act rashly.”

“Most importantly, most mechanical lives have already been controlled. How can you be sure that the information transmitted by Ling is correct?”

Shi Yu said, “Of course I can confirm it. We used telepathy back then. I believe its analysis.”

“Why do I feel that any faction isn’t very reliable? Before we reach the era ruin, if the army hasn’t been able to resolve the anomaly, I’ll take action.”

“l won’t let Ling be in a dangerous environment for long.”

“Up to you.” Zi Jian was speechless. Although she didn’t know what Shi Yu’s confidence was, she, who was telepathically with Shi Yu, indeed understood that she couldn’t persuade Shi Yu.

If Shi Yu could really solve it, she would support him. After all, her assistant’s current situation was also very dangerous.

Not long ago.

A completely virtual blank world.

Ling, who had accidentally entered this world without any room to resist, looked around warningly.

“Where is this?” He was clearly repairing the battleship previously, but he came here in the next moment. It was completely baffling.

Ling tried to contact Shi Yu, but it realized that its connection with Shi Yu had been completely severed, even if they had a contract.

“Gulp!

Crack, crack.

Before Ling could think too much, four strange mechanical monsters appeared in the space.

The moment he saw them, Lings expression became extremely serious.

“Are you infected?”

At this moment, Ling was extremely familiar with the types of these four virtual lives. The other party was a monster that belonged to the mechanical virtual life form, the virus species.

The virtual life forms of the virus species were like races like the abyss in the polluted land. They had extremely strong infestation abilities and were heretics in mechanical lives.

Of course, their pollution was only targeted at the machinery race.

Ling knew that it couldn’t be defeated by them. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be able to control itself and do something disadvantageous to Shi Yu. There was a lot of information on Shi Yu that couldn’t be exposed.

Swoosh!

The four virtual virus beasts bared their fangs and brandished their claws as they attacked Ling.

In front of Ling in the form of a virtual ship girl, data flew. Countless parts assembled in front of her and quickly formed a Laser Cannon. With a few booms, the virus beast was directly sent flying by Ling, who was holding a cannon in one hand.

“The skills that can be used… have become fewer.” With a swing of the cannon, Ling looked around.

Ling also realized that in this virtual world, many of its skills were restricted. The ones that were easier to use were basically more related to the mechanic class.

“Gulp…”

After destroying a batch of virus beasts, a new batch of virus beasts was born, and their strength seemed to be even stronger. Ling became serious. As it searched for the loophole in this virtual world and tried to crack it, it destroyed the virus beasts in front of it.

After a while, Ling suddenly felt that some of its abilities had improved greatly under the guidance of an unknown power.

“Future Prediction!

This might be the first time Ling had used Future Prediction that was even more accurate than the owl. Ling, who was working hard to crack the virtual world, saw a future scene.

He was fighting a strange person covered in mechanical metal armor. In the outside world, Shi Yu and the others were also fighting an identical mechanical metal strange person. The only difference was that the strange person they were fighting looked the same, but the location was completely different.

It was in the virtual world, while Shi Yu and the others were in a maze-like world.

Under the battle between the two parties, the maze kept shattering. As the maze shattered, Ling felt that it had crossed space and time and established a new connection with Shi Yua

Through the help of the gem cat in the outside world, Ling seemed to have grasped the key to everything in an instant. It quickly made an analysis and reminded Shi Yu in the outside world through telepathy.

[Master…]

[Destroyed… ruins…]

After the reminder, the group of virus beasts in front of him was destroyed by Ling again. However, in its place, what made Lings heart extremely serious was that a powerful force began to descend into this space.

Just now, the mechanical monster that it had spied on in its premonition appeared. It was petite and looked like a human. Its entire body was armed with armor, and its face was also wearing a mask. Its characteristic was that it had a long mechanical tail.

Unlike those virus beasts that only knew how to attack, this robot seemed to have higher-level intelligence.

“You seem to have discovered something.” It let out a heavy voice and looked at Ling.

“Who are you and what’s your goal?” Ling said, but it wasn’t in a hurry to attack, because it sensed that this guy was different from those virus beasts. This guy had already stepped into the super divine level and had super divine battle power..