Chapter 1661 - Chapter 1661: Challenging A Cosmic Overlord (2)

Chapter 1661: Challenging a Cosmic Overlord (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“We’re just leading the way and helping a guest come to find Captain Zi Jian,” Captain Darekian said.

At this moment, the door of the Era Pirate Group after the Darekians Pirates was also opened. Shi Yu and the Demolishing Divine Bull heaved a sigh of relief.

They had finally arrived at their destination.

Shi Yu flew over and smiled when he saw Captain Zi Jian’s two guards. “Brothers, long time no see. How’s Captain Zi Jian?”

When the two top-notch divine-level Darekians saw that the guest Captain Darekian mentioned was Shi Yu, their expressions were instantly shocked.

“Realm lord Shi Yu?!” They said in disbelief.

Unlike Captain Darekian, they had just returned from the Cosmic Sea. When they returned, the Blue Planet bloodline behind Shi Yu had already completed the construction of the Assassin Planet cluster.

Therefore, the two Darekians knew very well how terrifying the faction behind Shi Yu was.

One planet with 11 super divines!

Of course, Shi Yu wasn’t simple either. He had obtained the title of King of Gods at a young age and was one of the strongest Kings of Gods. He could be said to have considerable potential.

Shi Yu had actually come to the overlord territory…

“Captain Zi Jian is here. Let’s inform Captain Zi Jian to welcome the realm lord Shi Yu.’

“You’re all guests. Why don’t everyone rest on Heavenly Net Planet?” Right on the heels of that, they looked at Captain Darekian again. Captain Darekian nodded. Their pirate crew indeed needed to be replenished.

At the same time, it also wanted to know the origin of this era’s pirate crew… Was Shi Yu… the realm lord of the World King Planet? However, why did he bring the pirate flag… and even come from afar to visit the Zi Jian’s special forces?

“Shi Yu?!” After learning that Shi Yu had come, Zi Jian was very surprised.

Heavenly Net Planet’s palace.

Shi Yu, examiner Jermon, and Ling were outside. The other pets were in Shi Yu t s Beast Taming Space, while the gem cat and owl were still sleeping soundly in Lings body.

Before anything important happened, Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to wake them up. It was better to sleep more and increase his strength.

“Shi Yu, why are you here? And this is… I remember now. Isn’t this the examiner from the God Sealing Battle?” Captain Zi Jian came to welcome Shi Yu and the others.

“Moo.” Jermon felt very embarrassed by Captain Zi Jian’s familiarity. It didn’t expect to encounter someone who had seen that battle in the overlord territory.

“l accidentally encountered examiner Jermon on the journey, so we went together.” Shi Yu smiled and said, came to the overlord territory to do something. I happened to think of Captain Zi Jian, so I came to visit.”

“It shouldn’t be purely to visit, right? Instead, it’s to ask for something,” Captain Zi Jian said with a chuckle.

“But it’s also suitable. I happen to want to buy a batch of Cultivation Fruits from you. You should have brought the goods, right? On this side, you can have as many super divine stones as you want.”

“That’s easy,” Shi Yu said. “1 do have something to ask of you.”

“Let’s talk inside,” Captain Zi Jian said.

In the palace, Zi Jian led Shi Yu and the others to say, “This is the palace of the Heavenly Net Planet’s royal family. After we came, they moved out. The environment is a little simple. Please forgive us.”

“Cool Q’ Jermon said. It liked the bandit-like cosmic overlord army.

“l wonder what you need. I’ll definitely help if I can. However, if it’s something that even your Blue Planet can’t solve, I feel that I can’t help much,” Captain Zi Jian said.

The few of them sat looking at each other. Examiner Jermon also turned into a black bull in a suit and sat on the sofa.

“l wonder, Captain Zi Jian, have you heard of the Star Prayer Race?” Shi Yu said.

“Star Prayer Race??” Captain Zi Jian was slightly surprised. “You mean, on that World King Planet, a race that’s good at using the power of the stars to make wishes?”

“Weren’t they destroyed?” Jermon asked.

“Indeed, but when the Star Prayer Race was destroyed, it gathered the power of the entire race to make a wish and turned the inheritance of the entire race into seven Wish Stars to teleport to the entire universe. I wonder if Captain Zi

Jian has heard of this legend.”

“WI-I…” Captain Zi Jian was stunned. She nodded and said, “I’ve heard of it.”

“So the goal of your trip is…”

“l want to ask around. Who in the overlord territory has the Wish Star inheritance or has fused with the Wish Star inheritance?” Shi Yu asked.

Strangely enough, the owl predicted the location of the five Wish Star

inheritances. One of them was in the Contaminated Land, and the other four were all in the overlord territory.

In the Contaminated Land, the owl predicted the exact location and was precise to the “star domain”. Although this was also a very large range, it wasn’t impossible to find. In fact, that was the case. Shi Yu and the others were very lucky to obtain it in seconds.

However, the four pieces in the overlord territory were different. Their locations were very vague, and the owl couldn’t lock onto them accurately. The premonition range was far vaster than the star domain in the Contaminated Land. It would be very troublesome to find them.

Shi Yu estimated that this reason appeared because these four Wish Stars were all in the hands of experts.

Moreover, it was very likely a super divine-level expert.

This way, it was relatively difficult for the owl to predict. It made sense. Because the holder of the piece on the divine-level Beast Tamer Yue Ling was relatively weak, it was naturally easy to predict. It was definitely impossible for it to be so easy to predict on experts.

Therefore, he should first come to the local tyrant to ask for some information. Then, he would investigate and screen according to this information. It should be able to shrink the range a lot and save a lot of time.

“I’ve never paid attention to this, but give me some time. It won’t be long. I should be able to help you investigate through the overlord network.”