Chapter 1660 - Chapter 1660: Challenging A Cosmic Overlord (1)

Chapter 1660: Challenging a Cosmic Overlord (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Because they had lost the rules battle, the Darekians Pirates had no choice but to fulfill their promise.

As the rescue personnel ran to retrieve Shalud, the captain of the Darekians Pirates looked at Shi Yu, the Demolishing Divine Bull, and the Wind Kirin in silence.

Although it didn’t know their identities and origins, it was already certain that this was a very terrifying pirate crew. Fortunately, there had been no direct large-scale conflict previously. Otherwise, their seventh division would have suffered.

This time… it had kicked an iron plate.

However, fortunately, what was used as a bet this time was only ordinary information.

“We admit defeat,” Captain Darekian said. “According to the bet, we will tell you where the Zi Jian’s special forces are.”

“That star path isn’t easy to walk. From the start, we were the ones who took advantage of the bet. Next, we’ll lead the way and escort you over.”

“Alright,” Shi Yu said. “Then I’ll leave it to you. However, we’re in a hurry. It’s best if we can drive faster.’

“About a month’s flight,” Captain Darekian said.

“No problem.” As Shorty didn’t sense the other party’s malice, Shi Yu chose to believe the other party.

Then, both parties returned to their battleships.

Examiner Jermon followed behind Shi Yu and saw with its own eyes that after the Wind Kirin entered the battleship, it slowly integrated. It couldn’t help but be stunned again.

“Moo Q’ It stepped on the ground, and its cow hair stood on end. “Why are you so strong?”

Even if the upgrade of the mechanic class was relatively simple in theory, it shouldn’t be that fast.

As long as there was a higher-level mechanical system and the guidance of a powerful mechanical god, the upgrade of the mechanic class was very fast. If there was no way, researching it itself would be the slowest.

The Demolishing Divine Bull felt that, with Shi Yu e s identity as the King of Gods and his identity as a doctorate in disaster science, it wasn’t difficult for him to come into contact with higher-level mechanical systems. But even so, wasn’t this leveling speed a little too fast?

In more than two years, from a quasi divine to the top of a perfect divine, not to mention a descendant of a super divine family like it, even a son of a super divine wouldn’t be so fierce.

“It’s very simple. Just use more resources,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Resources…” The corners of Jermon’s mouth twitched when it saw Shi Yu so calm.

“They’re not second-generation heirs, but they’re definitely going to leave a deep mark in the starry sky of the universe and become the first generation of super divines who are the most dazzling!” Although examiner Jermon was ignorant and incompetent, it had been locked in the prison of the World King Planet for 100 years and had seen all kinds of geniuses. It had also interacted with geniuses like Ming Gu and Zavay for so long. It was still good at judging people.

Shi Yu’s growth trajectory was different from some second-generation geniuses. The only ones it could associate with were the capable subordinates at the peak of the super divine level under the thrones of the various universes.

“Shi Yu, is the Zi Jian f s special force you’re going to find the same special force that’s good at archeology?”

“That’s right, you know it too,” Shi Yu said. “So who are you looking for? I can help you ask Captain Zi Jian.” “Ah…” Jermon said, “This, that, actually…”

“I’m actually looking for…”

“The cosmic overlord!”

Shi Yu:

“You’re probably dreaming, right?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

Although one of his goals on this trip was also to see if he could see a cosmic overlord, thinking about it, a cosmic overlord wasn’t that easy to see.

Only by being at the peak of the super divine level could one see a World King. It slept all year round.

It was probably even harder to see a cosmic overlord stronger than a World King.

Not to mention Jermon, even its super divine grandfather would probably find It difficult to see a cosmic overlord.

“There’s no hurry…” Jermon said, “I’ll think of a way slowly.”

“Actually, I’ve accidentally heard of a way to see a cosmic overlord, but I’m not sure yet. I need to verify it. When the time comes, let me talk to Captain Zi

Jian. I’ll definitely know!”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. This cow looked to know a lot about the cosmic overlord army.

“Next, let’s follow them first.” Shi Yu looked ahead.

Nearly a month later.

Twilight Star Realm, Heavenly Net Planet.

“Not long ago, an era ruin appeared in the Twilight Star Realm. It’s suspected to be a ruin mystic realm from the ‘last era’. The headquarters summoned many archeological teams to return. Among them, the Zi Jian’s special forces were temporarily summoned back to explore the ruins.”

On the screen of the space battleship, Ling, a message from the Darekians Pirates leading the way appeared.

“Now, their location should be here. Twilight Star Realm, Heavenly Net Planet.’

“This planet is the temporary camp of Zi Jian’s special forces.”

“Who is it!!”

When the Darekians Pirates approached the Heavenly Net Planet, two powerful auras came from the area. Each of them had reached the top-notch divine level and wasn’t inferior to Captain Darekian.

With two beams of light, two aliens with red antennae flew into the starry sky and looked at the symbol of the Darekians Pirates with puzzled gazes. “Hello, fellow clansmen. There’s no need to be nervous. We mean no harm.’ Captain Darekian appeared and spoke politely.

“What’s the matter?” The two Darekians in the Zi Jian’s special forces weren’t nervous at all. Now that cracking the era ruin was a big project of the cosmic overlord army, although they were of the same race and camp, if the Darekians Pirates dared to cause trouble, not to mention a division, even the entire pirate crew would probably be dealt with..