Chapter 1662 - Chapter 1662: Challenging A Cosmic Overlord (3)

Chapter 1662: Challenging a Cosmic Overlord (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Thank you, Captain Zi Jian,” Shi Yu said.

“I’ll get my assistant to investigate now.” Zi Jian took out a special device and hung it in his ear. He wore it on the side of his face, as if it was connected to some special Internet. He said, “Little Bei, help me investigate the Star Prayer Race and the Wish Star inheritance.’

With that said, she looked at Shi Yu and the others again and said, “That’s it, right?”

Shi Yu looked at Jermon, and Jermon also looked at Captain Zi Jian and asked,

“Captain Zi Jian, I’ve once heard that there’s a challenge called the Glory

Challenge’ in the overlord territory. Does it really exist?”

“Glory Challenge??”

“You want to see the cosmic overlord?” she asked.

“The Glory Challenge is indeed related to the cosmic overlord!” The Demolishing Divine Bull was extremely excited.

Zi Jian said, “There is indeed such a thing.”

She looked at Shi Yu, Jermon, and Ling and said, “The Glory Challenge is also a battle of honor. Only members of the cosmic overlord army can participate.”

“Success or failure, there are essentially no rewards. However, the successful one can see the universe overlord. This is a great honor for any challenger. It can also be seen as a reward. This is also the origin of the name of the Glory

Challenge.”

“Generally speaking, even for me, even for super divine experts, it’s very difficult to see the cosmic overlord. The Glory Challenge might be the only chance for those whose strength hasn’t reached the standard to see the cosmic overlord.’

“l wonder what the details of this Glory Challenge are,” Shi Yu asked.

“Yes, yes,” said the Demolishing Divine Bull.

Captain Zi Jian smiled and said, “Well, it’s actually very difficult. Don’t think about it.’

“Lord cosmic overlord once left a will deterrence somewhere in the starry sky.

The Glory Challenge is this deterrence.”

“You can only pass if you withstand the deterrence of the cosmic overlord. 1 forgot to tell you. The cosmic overlord once killed a peak super divine who wanted to resist it with a deterrence hundreds of millions of years ago…”

“What!!!” The Demolishing Divine Bull said in shock, “Then isn’t it impossible to pass this Glory Challenge?”

“It’s not that absolute. The example I gave only means that the power of a cosmic overlord is different from the strength of the challenger. Its will will also automatically adjust the strength.”

“In other words, the weaker the challengers strength, the weaker his willpower, the stronger he is, and the stronger his willpower. It’s equivalent to the ‘low-level battle’ we often talk about. It’s equivalent to a cosmic overlord suppressing his willpower deterrence to the same level as the challenger.”

“But even so, the chances of passing are very small. There was once a guy who had just become a super divine and wanted to see the cosmic overlord, so he challenged the Glory Challenge. In the end… he only lasted for a few seconds before being suppressed by deterrence and giving up.”

“There was once a super genius who defeated a super divine at the divine level. He also wanted to meet the cosmic overlord, but he was still suppressed by a will deterrence and gave up on seeking an audience.”

“Well, someone has once made an evaluation. The difficulty of the Glory Challenge is dozens of times harder than becoming the King of Gods on World King Planet, right?”

“Even if it’s a real super divine level divine-level genius with super divine battle power, it’s extremely difficult to pass.”

Jermon:

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The bull felt that it had no hope of seeing a cosmic overlord in its life. It completely didn’t think that it could withstand the deterrence of the will of a cosmic overlord.

“Of course, there’s another point. Not everyone can undergo the Glory Challenge. Firstly, what I just said is that only members of the cosmic overlord army can participate. Moreover, ordinary members aren’t enough. Only members above the purple medal can participate.”

“Red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple. The purple medal is the highest medal grade that ordinary members of the non-officer cadre can attain.”

“And if you want to obtain the purple medal, either your strength reaches the super divine level, or you make huge contributions to the cosmic overlord army in a certain field. Here, for example, I obtained the purple medal through my achievements in the archeological field. My status is basically equivalent to the super divine level. However, even I spent more than a hundred years to obtain this purple medal. I only obtained the purple medal after helping the cosmic overlord army find a source of transcendence and handing it in. In terms of difficulty, it’s basically equivalent to nurturing a super divine level. It’s not easier than becoming a super divine level myself…”

“Ah, ah, ah, ah.” Jermon!s head almost exploded with this information, and its bull lungs also exploded. It felt that it was too difficult to see the cosmic overlord. It was even harder than fulfilling its grandfather’s expectations and becoming a super divine level.

“Of course, it’s not like there’s no other way. If you don’t have a purple medal, but you’ve obtained the recommendation of someone with a ‘purple medal’, you can also undergo the Glory Challenge. However, the recommendation spot of someone with a ‘purple medal’ is only once in your life. The recommended person can only be recommended once in his life.”

“Examiner Jermon, if you’re interested, I can sell my recommendation spot to you. I’ll sell it to you with tears. I only want 10 super divine stones. I remember that you want to join the cosmic overlord army very much, right?”

Jermon’s eyes rolled back and it fainted.

“Aiya,” Captain Zi Jian said. “l found it.”

At this moment, Captain Zi Jian said, “Shi Yu, there’s news about the Wish Star you’re looking for..”