Chapter 1673 - Chapter 1673: Divine 12Th Heavenly Layer (2)

Chapter 1673: Divine 12th Heavenly Layer (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“It’s useless. Even if you defeat me, your contracted machinery can’t leave the virtual world,” Wabra said as he looked at the powerful Shi Yu.

“Sooner or later, it will awaken its self and become a true mechanical race.’

“Humans will definitely lose!”

“That’s not my concern. I’m only in charge of completing her hint and tearing down you and this ruin. How to come out depends on her.”

Ling was a cripple cultivation tool that had almost become Shi Yu’s second brain. Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to think about how Ling would come out. He only knew that if he followed Lings hint and tore down the ruins, he would have completed his work.

As for the rest, Ling would definitely think of a way himself.

“Now, it’s your turn to stop me…” Shi Yu stood in the air in the ruins, making his Passage of Time skill even more domineering.

The power of the twin Shi Yu gathered at the same time. The source power fused with the power of space and time, turning into an invisible hand that began to forcefully tear down the ruins.

Crack, crack, crack!!!

In the blink of an eye, countless archeologists were shocked to discover that this era ruin… was actually shattered with a boom.

“He really wants to tear down the ruins.” Huo Qiong was shocked.

He was extremely confused by the person Zi Jian brought.

“Let’s tear it down. If we can solve this matter, so be it. I’ll help him clean up someone’s mess. This should be called emergency retreat, right?” Zi Jian’s face was numb.

At the moment, Wabra wanted to stop it because this ruin was the key to building the mechanical world.

However, Shi Yu didn’t have the chance to stop it at all. Beast Shi Yu, who was comparable to someone who had reached the middle stage of transcendence, attacked Wabra, the super divine, again, making it feel as if it was facing a great enemy.

Beast Shi Yu t s battle power was at full power, close to battle power that exceeded that of transcendent 4. For a super divine machine like Wabra that mainly increased its computational and analysis abilities, it was a very troublesome enemy.

Wabra might be good at large-scale wars, but in this kind of individual battle, the disadvantage was very obvious. Moreover, part of its current computing power was still supporting the virtual mechanical world and fighting Ling inside. It couldn’t display its full strength at all.

Bang… Its abdomen armor was heavily attacked again. This time, a crack appeared. Accompanied by this crack, the entire ruins world collapsed under Shi Yu’s forceful demolition.

[Ling, did you hear that? I’ve already done what you said. It’s up to you next.]

At the same time, in the virtual world.

A tall mecha with a broken body was still fighting another Wabra.

At this moment, Ling was clearly at a disadvantage. Even if its battle power was fully released, the impact on the enemy was very light.

Just as the two parties reached the critical moment of the intense battle, the virtual world trembled.

Seeing this, Ling, who was in the mecha, knew that Shi Yu had already destroyed the ruins. This way, the strength of this virtual mechanical world would decrease further, and the chances of it going out would increase.

Ling was happy, but Wabra’s gaze was cold.

“Looks like Master succeeded,” Ling said.

In the face of Lings provocation, Wabra said, “So, your mechanic is the source of your confidence?”

“Do you think this is the end? So what if the ruins are damaged? If you can’t defeat me, you can never leave here.”

“l know. The situation just now was that even if I defeated you, it’s still very difficult to walk out of this world.’

“But now, as long as I defeat you, I can basically break through this world.”

Ling said, “In that case, I’ll defeat you.”

Since Shi Yu had worked hard to help it destroy the precious ruins of the cosmic overlord army in the outside world, it also felt that it couldn’t screw up.

“My luck is so good. The bottleneck seems to have broken through for no reason.” When Ling spoke, its computing power began to increase. Under Wabra’s incredulous gaze, countless data codes began to circle around Ling to recombine its body.

This time, Ling, who had recombined its body, had an even stronger aura. The previous consumption was swept away.

Seeing this scene and seeing its opponent attribute all of this to luck, Wabra couldn’t understand.

“Epoch divine level.”

The mechanical life form in front of it instantly reached the epoch divine level.

Although Ling was at the top of a perfect divine just now, it was still a step away from an epoch divine.

This step was a world of difference. However, Wabra didn’t expect that the other party would directly break through in the battle with it and obtain the Super Divine Will. Under the lead of the Super Divine Will, the divine skill close to the fifth stage was sublimated and transformed to the extreme to complete the breakthrough.

“Look, don’t I have the strength to defeat you now?” Sensing that the Mechanical Spirit, Wind of Blessing, and other skills had already reached transcendence, Ling stared at its opponent.

Everything was within Lings expectations.

“How can this be… How can you break through here?” Wabra didn’t understand.

“l already said, my luck is pretty good. Perhaps your appearance was to fulfill our wish,” Ling said.

“Thank you, little robot.” Lings words kept stimulating Wabra, affecting its computing power.

Boom!!

In the virtual world, in the shattered outside world, Ling and Shi Yu attacked Wabra again at the same time, making Wabra’s eyes tremble.

Wabra wasn’t weak, but unfortunately, it had to be distracted from the real world and the virtual world. Under distraction, it was difficult to display its full strength..