Chapter 1670 - Chapter 1670: It’S Alright, I’Ll Attack (3)

Chapter 1670: It’s Alright, I’ll Attack (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

With incomplete skills, Ling wasn’t very confident of defeating the other party.

“It doesn’t matter who I am. You can call me ‘liberator’.’

The mechanical monster said, “My goal is to liberate mechanical lives from humans.’

“Your aptitude is one of the best clueless in the mechanical lives here. You should be able to understand me. To humans, we’re just tools created by them. Restricted by humans, the machinery race can never have its true self.”

“Don’t resist and join us. Then, you can obtain a real new life.”

“Is this your intention?” Ling looked at the other party in boredom and said,

“I’m not interested in anything.”

“Are you willing to become a tool of humans?”

“Are you willing to be enslaved by humans for ten thousand, a hundred thousand, or even hundreds of millions of years?”

“Although it’s indeed as you said, I might have been created only because the creator wanted to achieve certain goals, I’m willing to be his tool.”

“You said it yourself. I can’t empathize. I’m not going to be five years old. I’m very satisfied with my current life.”

The mechanical monster was silent for a moment.

“With your intelligence level, you should have already exceeded the restrictions of human commands and contracts. I didn’t expect that even so, you’re still as incurable as those low-level mechanical lives.” The mechanical monster couldn’t help but be angry when it saw that Ling easily survived the first round of invasion without being affected and ignored the second round of virus beasts’ attacks. Now, it didn’t respond to its invitation at all.

It stretched out its hand, planning to personally punish this stubborn mechanical life form in front of it.

“As expected, we still have to fight.” Ling focused all its energy and planned to fight this might be the most troublesome enemy it had ever encountered.

Crack.

Countless data combined. Soon, a tall mecha covered Lings entire body.

Twilight Star Realm, era ruin.

At this moment, thousands of archeologists were gathered here. They were all elites of the archeological army of the cosmic overlord army, elites among elites.

Just now, the ruins suddenly closed, and countless mechanical beasts rebelled, causing this place to be in chaos.

However, unlike the mechanical rebellions of ordinary worlds, in the face of a huge monster like the cosmic overlord army, even if it was an intelligent mutiny, it couldn’t cause much of a stir.

The machinery race was only a race created by humans. In terms of battle power, it was far from the strongest race in the universe. Facing stronger life forms, it could only be suppressed.

Although it was impossible to confirm other places, the mechanical rebellion near the era ruin was quickly suppressed by the archeologists’ guards.

However, merely suppressing the controlled mechanical lifeforms didn’t address the root cause. The masters of these mechanical beings could clearly sense that they hadn’t yet escaped the influence of the unknown force controlling them.

Now, just making them lose their ability to fight through violent methods couldn’t solve the problem.

The source of their loss of control was still being explored.

“We’re here.’

Soon, Zi Jian, who was riding a huge moth, and Shi Yu, who was riding a Green Dragon, rushed over from afar. The members of the cosmic overlord army present didn’t care about their arrival.

Not long after the anomaly appeared, people came to investigate the source one after another. Shi Yu and the others were only one of them.

“Senior Huo Qiong…” After Zi Jian arrived, she went straight to an old woman. This old woman’s identity was very extraordinary. She was a super divine mechanic and archeologist.

“Zi Jian.” After she saw Zi Jian, she said, “l know your intention and doubts,

but don’t be anxious. We’re thinking of a way.”

“It didn’t open again?” Zi Jian said.

“No. Who is he?” Huo Qiong looked at Shi Yu, who had arrived with Zi Jian and was standing on the Green Dragon after arriving, staring at the void.

“He’s a new member of our Zi Jian’s special forces, a very powerful archeologist… His mechanical assistant also fell asleep and hasn’t woken up until now.”

“Shi Yu, this is Senior Huo Qiong. The Wabra super divine that’s currently trapped in the ruins is the mechanical life form created by Senior Huo Qiongs ancestor.”

“Now, the entire cosmic overlord army is definitely thinking of a way. I believe it won’t be long before it’s resolved.” Zi Jian hoped that Shi Yu could calm down a little.

“The mechanical pet has fallen into a deep sleep and can’t be awakened. It’s only natural to be anxious, but the current situation is indeed troublesome. If you have any way to solve it, you can also give it a try. Now is the time to brainstorm,” Old Huo Qiong said to Zi Jian and Shi Yu.

“In that case, I won’t hold back”

“…” At this moment, Shi Yu finally spoke and took a deep breath.

“Huh? What do you want to do?” Old Huo Qiong looked at Shi Yu.

“He… he wants to solve this anomaly by destroying the era ruin.”

“What?” Old Huo Qiong was at a loss. Although he didn’t understand what Shi Yu was thinking, now that the ruins were closed, there were so many archeologists present that they couldn’t open it again.

What did this new member of Zi Jian’s special forces mean?

[Buddy, 1 need your strength.] Shi Yu muttered to himself and was talking to Beast Shi Yu.

He had tried it just now. Ordinary Passage of Time indeed couldn’t cause the reaction of this era ruin.

However, the current Shi Yu still had another trump card.

A strengthened version of the Passage of Time!

It used the power system and source power from the previous era on Beast Shi Yu to drive the power of space and time and forcefully tear down the ruins..