Chapter 1671 - Chapter 1671: It’S Alright, I’Ll Attack (4)

Chapter 1671: It’s Alright, I’ll Attack (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

This was Shi Yu’s new discovery during his more than a year of travel. Origin power acted on the power of space and time and had a very strong strengthening effect. It might have a lot to do with its nature.

It was precisely because of Shi Yu’s new gain that Ling knew that with Shi Yu’s ability, he could destroy the era ruin. That was why it gave Shi Yu such an order.

In the Beast Taming Space, the source power on Beast Shi Yu’s body kept flowing towards Shi Yu t s main body. Under the enhancement of the source power, Shi Yu activated the Passage of Time skill formed by the combination of telepathy, listening to the Voice of History, as well as the time and spatial talent!

Boom!!!

The chaotic gray spatial flux that was like a Starry Sky Storm wrapped around Shi Yu’s body, causing the spatial fluctuations of a galaxy.

“Sure.” Shi Yu was certain that he could affect this era ruin now. In that case, there was no problem.

In order to not be disturbed by the outside world, he closed his eyes slightly and listened to the Voice of History with all his might to find the key to the ruins.

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t feel anything, but the thousands of archeologists and staff left in the starry sky turned their heads in shock and looked at Shi Yu, who was standing on the Green Dragon.

The terrifying spatial resonance on Shi Yu’s body shocked the archeological elites.

“Who is this guy?”

“What powerful archeological power.”

As everyone exclaimed, with a hum, the cosmic starry sky seemed to have experienced a huge earthquake. Under the continuous spatial boom, it was as if a small world had been pulled out of thin air by Shi Yu.

“Roar!!!” Buggy roared in the starry sky. The power on Shi Yu’s body became stronger and stronger. Soon, the starry sky seemed to have collapsed. A ruin space was slowly pulled by the power of space and time, wanting to fuse with this galaxy.

“This…” At this moment, Zi Jian looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

Sensing the power on Shi Yu’s body, she couldn’t understand. After all, when she first saw Shi Yu in the Four Holy Ancient City, Shi Yu’s archeological power was still very young. Although he had already entered the entry level, he was still very far from her.

But now, in her opinion, Shi Yu’s archeological power was no longer inferior to some super divine archeologists in the cosmic overlord army, no, it even exceeded them, such as Senior Huo Qiong in front of her.

Zi Jian felt that it was ridiculous, and it was also normal. In the beginning, although Shi Yu had learned the Passage of Time skill, his time and spatial talent levels had yet to increase. Not to mention the divine level, he had yet to reach Level 9. However, after stepping into the divine level, his spatial talent did not fall behind. It quickly increased and reached his level.

Moreover, because he had contracted Buggy, Qi, and the others at the quasi-epoch-level, the spatial affinity they gave Shi Yu could also make Shi Yu’s spatial talent stronger.

In addition, now that he had source power, the enhancement of this special power that had been washed away by time from the last era, Shi Yu’s time transfer skill might already be comparable to or even exceeded that of Emperor Shi who created it.

“Ruins… The ruins have opened again!

Under the dense starlight, everyone felt as if they had been pulled into the starting point of a huge maze. The appearance of the starry sky had completely changed at this moment. Archeologists who had entered the ruins maze previously recognized this place at a glance.

“Zi Jian, who exactly is he?” Huo Qiong immediately looked at Shi Yu, who had his eyes closed, in shock and disbelief.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s listening hadn’t ended.

This powerful listening power not only made him forcefully open the closed ruins, but he also crossed two eras and saw some scenes from the previous era.

That was the scene of the apocalypse.

It was similar to the scene Shi Yu had seen in the Four Holy Ruins back then.

In the Four Holy Ruins, there were believers of the Four Holy Ruins. In the face of the end of the universe, they had to preserve the Four Holy Ruins and let the Four Holy Ruins be passed down to the next era.

In this scene, there was a mechanical life form. No matter what, it had to preserve this ruin.

“After tireless hard work, the machinery race finally escaped the enslavement of humans, but in the end, they still couldn’t survive the calamity of the era.” “After reincarnation, history will repeat itself. The machinery race will also become a tool of all races again. 1 hope this fire seed can help you escape your restraints…”

In the sigh of the mechanical life form, countless ruins formed by data were born. Then, they turned into fragments that filled the sky and fused into various parts of the universe.

After the short scene ended, Shi Yu opened his eyes.

“l see. The last cosmic era was actually a mechanical civilization that mainly relied on technology? The aura of that mechanical life form is very powerful.

Perhaps it’s at the cosmic level.”

“The humans of that era… also created technology and mechanical lives, but in the end, they seemed to have suffered a backlash.”

“And this ruin is the fire seed that the powerful mechanical life form of that civilization left behind to help a reincarnated mechanical race resist the creator.”

“No wonder Ling asked me to destroy this ruin.”

“It’s the culprit.”

After Shi Yu figured it out, a huge aura appeared in the ruins. In the lead was a strong aura of a super divine level. From the level, it seemed to have transcended level three,

It led a group of mechanical lives and slowly descended. If Ling was here, it would definitely be able to recognize that this super divine mechanical life form in the lead was the one she encountered in the virtual world.

Seeing this mechanical person, the archeologists, including Senior Huo Qiong, were also very shocked.

“Wabra.” Huo Qiong shouted for this mechanical super divine.

Wabra was a super divine machine cultivated by her ancestor’s super divine mechanic. Before her ancestor died, he rewrote an order for Wabra to protect and assist their race for generations. But now, Huo Qiong felt that Wabra had changed greatly compared to before.

“Not good, Wabra, it… it’s also controlled.”

No, or rather, the commands to protect and assist their race for generations had been erased from Wabra’s body.

Huo Qiong was shocked, as if he understood what was going on.

“The current Wabra super divine… is an enemy??” Captain Zi Jian gradually understood what was going on.

Only the mechanical super divine Wabra that exceeded transcendent 3 could create a crisis of this scale in the Twilight Star Realm.

“It’s troublesome. I’m afraid no one in the current Twilight Star Realm is a match for Wabra,” Zi Jian said.

She immediately looked at Shi Yu because everyone realized that Wabra’s super divine gaze had always stopped on Shi Yu, as if she was very puzzled that Shi Yu could open the ruins.

At this moment, Shi Yu naturally looked at the other party seriously. Shi Yu, who knew what was going on, already knew how to awaken Ling. As long as he tore down the ruins and this mechanical super divine, it shouldn’t be a problem.

“Transcendent 3?”

“It’s alright. Leave this guy to me,” Shi Yu said..