Chapter 1676 - Chapter 1676: Glory Challenge (2)

Chapter 1676: Glory Challenge (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Because they were extremely strong and were cosmic overlords guarding the four directions, their overall name in the cosmic overlord army was the Four Square Generals, and they were Four Holy Beasts of the four regions in the previous era.

Although they matched the Four Holy Beasts, they weren’t life forms that were evolving towards the four saints.

Those who could cultivate to the peak of the super divine level and were only a step away from the cosmic level, comparable to the true four saints, wouldn’t care to imitate other people’s path at all.

It could be said that every one of these generals could easily crush the four saints super divine of the Four Holy Family on the World King Planet. They were experts at the top of the super divine level.

Twilight Star Realm was under the jurisdiction of Western General Jia Luobo, so he was also the one tracking this archeological progress.

“Lord Jia Luobo…” Although he was a super divine, Huo Qiongs tone was very respectful.

It wasn’t because his status was too different from the other party, but because how this matter was determined depended on this person’s point of view.

Overall, the results of the archeology of the ruins this time were almost zero benefits to the cosmic overlord army.

In addition, the mechanical guardian of her family caused a crisis of intelligence, causing the cosmic overlord army to suffer huge losses. This exploration of the ruins could be said to be extremely bad.

“Super divine Huo Qiong, did something happen in the Twilight Star Realm?” A voice came from the black shadow on the communication interface.

“Well, there are results from the investigation of the ruins of the previous era.”

“Oh? The cosmic overlord takes this ruin very seriously, so your investigation results are?”

“This is a ruin left behind by a cosmic-level mechanical life form!” Huo Qiong said. “However, it’s a trap ruin.”

“In the last era, humans created the machinery race. The technological

civilization developed quickly and quickly reached the top. They even gave birth to a cosmic-level mechanical life form.’

“However, the final direction of such a civilization is that the mechanical life form is unwilling to submit to the control of humans, causing a crisis of intelligence on the scale of the universe. The machinery race is completely independent from the human factions.”

“This ruin was left behind by a certain independent mechanical race god. Its goal in leaving the ruin is to change the reincarnation of history. According to the normal historical reincarnation, the mechanical race will still be created by humans and become a tool to assist the rise of humans.”

“Therefore, its intention is to cause a new round of mechanical awakening in the next era, the next era, so that the machinery race won’t be restricted by anyone.”

“The previous Internet interruption was because the ruins infected Wabra, causing it to lose control and lose its mind… Wabra severed the connection between the Twilight Star Realm and the outside world and caused a small-scale intelligent weapon crisis.”

A long knock came from the other side of the screen. After a moment of silence, Western General Jia Luobo said, “With the military strength of the Twilight Star Realm, it’s not enough to resist Wabra, who has rebelled, right?”

“That’s right. The one who defeated Wabra wasn’t a member of the cosmic overlord army sent here at the start, but a new recruit who joined the cosmic overlord army in the Twilight Star Realm.”

“Including the ruins of the era this time, he was also the one who cracked it. I also restored the situation through the information he gave me,” Huo Qiong said as she looked at Zi Jian beside her.

“Oh? A new member of the cosmic overlord army?” Jia Luobo was slightly surprised.

“What’s the background of the other party? He actually suppressed our army elite in strength, archeology, and other attainments.”

“The other party’s name is Shi Yu. He’s a friend of Captain Zi Jian of the Zi Jian’s special forces. He’s from the World King Planet of the Cosmic Sea and comes from a planet called Blue Planet.”

Blue Planet…

Western General Jia Luobo pondered and said, ‘1 1 have some impression. A new super faction has indeed appeared in the Cosmic Sea. Blue Planet, they destroyed the Assassin Planet. The leader seems to be a time-element super divine expert named Emperor Shi.”

“l didn’t expect Captain Zi Jian to actually invite the experts of this faction to join the cosmic overlord army.”

“However, the goal of the other party joining the cosmic overlord army shouldn’t be simple, right, Captain Zi Jian?”

“Yes, yes.” Zi Jian hurriedly appeared and said, “Lord Jia Luobo, I’m here.

Actually, Shi Yu joined the cosmic overlord army to meet the cosmic overlord.

One of his companions with him is a worshiper of the cosmic overlord.”

“Because of this, Shi Yu even asked me to apply for the Glory Challenge for him.”

“Glory Challenge? Interesting. If I have time, I’ll also go take a look. But for now, let’s deal with the current matter first. Huo Qiong, our people are still on the way to the Twilight Star Realm. Next, please control Wabra well. Whether its behavior this time was affected by the outside world or not, invading the attack overlord network and controlling the pets of other members for no reason has already violated the rules of the cosmic overlord army. How to deal with it next will be decided by the trial. It will be up to them to carry out a deeper investigation of the Twilight Star Realm and give the outcome.” “As for the ruins, wait for the notice.’

“Yes.” Huo Qiong was silent. She already knew that this was about the outcome. She didn’t hide it from Jia Luobo because this matter affected the entire Twilight Star Realm. Even the ruins were broken, so she also knew that she couldn’t hide it.

“Senior Huo Qiong, Senior Wabra’s matter is ultimately because of this ruin,” Zi Jian said..