Chapter 1675 - Chapter 1675: Glory Challenge (1)

Chapter 1675: Glory Challenge (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Generally speaking, the ninth level of the divine level was the peak of the divine level—the highest achievement of a divine-level Beast Tamer with ordinary talent.

But for true geniuses, the tenth level of the divine level was the true peak.

However, for even more monstrous Beast Tamers, the tenth level was only the beginning.

It was already very difficult to break through this limit alone.

He had to obtain the pet’s feedback.

Moreover, this feedback couldn’t be too strong or too weak.

Even if he contracted ten perfect divines, it was very difficult for the Beast Tamer to reach the eleventh level of the divine level.

And contracting a super divine pet, the Beast Tamer couldn’t withstand the power of a super divine pet with the source of transcendence.

The level of the epoch god was coincidentally suitable, in the middle,

The first time Shi Yu broke through the limit was because Susu had become an epoch god.

And now, Shi Yu felt that he was about to break through the limit of the eleventh level of the divine level.

This time, it was led by Ling breaking through to the divine level of the era. Of course, it might also have something to do with all his pets becoming perfect divines.

But the main one was definitely still Ling.

Shi Yu could basically determine that every time he cultivated an epoch god, he might break through the limit once.

“Ridiculous.’

It looked like he would have to experience many lightning tribulations in the future.

For other Beast Tamers, nurturing an epoch god was as difficult as ascending to the heavens. It was even harder than nurturing a super divine pet.

Otherwise, the epoch god wouldn’t have become a legend even rarer than a super divine.

However, for Shi Yu, this didn’t seem to be difficult. Every one of his pets was only lacking an opportunity from the era divine level. The most time-consuming skill level accumulation stage had already been quickly completed by rum.

If everyone’s breakthrough went smoothly… he might break through many sub-divine limits in a row.

He also had to deal with many lightning tribulations.

Shi Yu didn’t return to the Heavenly Net Planet. After instructing Captain Zi Jian, he directly headed to the desolate area of the Twilight Star Realm. He didn’t know if he could suppress his level. If he couldn’t, he could only welcome the lightning tribulation.

During this process, it was most important to quickly recover and find a quiet and undisturbed place.

After an unknown period of time, Shi Yu and the others descended onto a dark gray star.

“Don’t panic, the problem isn’t very big. According to the results of my prophecy, you’re very good. The power of this lightning tribulation won’t increase much compared to the last time you experienced it.”

“Normal people definitely can’t deal with it, but you have that guy.” The owl pointed at Beast Shi Yu.

Beast Shi Yu had battle power that exceeded that of transcendent 4. If he couldn’t withstand a divine-level lightning tribulation for Shi Yu, that would be ridiculous.

“That’s true, but it’s better to be careful of such uncontrollable things.” “Teacher Ying, help me set up the surroundings.”

“Alright.” The gem cat called Buggy and the others and quickly got to work.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven also ran out and reminded Shi Yu again.

“How would I know that I would break through so quickly? I understand. I’ll teach you after this,” Shi Yu muttered.

After experiencing the last lightning tribulation, Shi Yu had said that he would get Eleven a powerful skill that could absorb the lightning tribulation.

Eleven was the most suitable to help Shi Yu resist the lightning tribulation in the team.

In the end, with the disturbance of the Chi You Ruins, Shi Yu directly threw this matter to the back of his mind.

This was also because Shi Yu didn’t think that he could break through the limit so quickly after just breaking through.

“But even if I find a suitable skill for you, you’re still too weak now,” Shi Yu said.

Eleven had mastered the skill of devouring lightning to recover its stamina very early.

Now, the Thunder God Armor Mode of One Thought of God and Demon still had this nature.

However, although it had this nature, Eleven was still too weak in the face of the cosmic lightning tribulation.

At the moment, it was very difficult for it to absorb much lightning tribulation without even super divine battle power. It would definitely explode.

Moreover, this kind of lightning tribulation was different from ordinary lightning. Whether it could be absorbed was another matter.

Therefore, not only did Shi Yu have to find a more powerful lightning absorption skill, but Eleven itself also had to work hard and quickly enter the divine level of the era. Only then would it have the qualifications to help Shi Yu block the lightning.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven expressed that it would reach the epoch god level as soon as possible.

However, there was another problem. Once Eleven reached the epoch god, Shi

Yu might break through again… and encounter stronger lightning tribulations.

“Yi…” Beside him, Baby Ginseng, who was wearing a heavy doctorate hat, shook its head.

It was too much, too much.

First was Susu, then Ling. It felt that this order was a little abnormal. Of course, Chi Tong was still more conflicted.

As the only one among the three sisters who had yet to become an epoch god, the pressure on it was also very high. Its pressure was so high that it wanted to kill a super divine first.

That day.

As the ruins were torn down and Wabra was torn down, the Twilight Star Realm finally connected to the overlord network.

The temporary loss of contact in the Twilight Star Realm had already caused a small-scale discussion in the cosmic overlord army.

Although they had only lost contact for a short period of time, it was still a serious incident. After all, there was a huge project underway in the Twilight Star Realm.

After the communication was restored, one of the in-charge, Huo Qiong, was immediately asked about the situation.

At this moment, the one who connected to her was the headquarters of the cosmic overlord army, one of the four peak super divines, the Western General of the Four Square Generals whose reputation resounded throughout the universe, Jia Luobo.

Everyone knew that there were four such generals under the command of the cosmic overlord. All of them were powerful and were known as the closest to the cosmic level, reaching the peak of the super divine level..