Chapter 1672 - Chapter 1672: Divine 12Th Heavenly Layer (1)

Chapter 1672: Divine 12th Heavenly Layer (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

In the era ruin of the Twilight Star Realm.

Many archeologists sensed that something was wrong.

Although they couldn’t sense anything wrong with the mechanical super divine Wabra, the pile of mechanical lives behind Wabra had owners.

At this moment, their owners could sense that their relationship with these mechanical lives had been severed.

Under the warning of word of mouth, the group of archeologists immediately understood that the group of mechanical lives in front of them had already become enemies and were controlled by an unknown power.

“Humans, an insensible race.’

“You’re the one who opened the ruins?”

Looking at Shi Yu, it waved its hand, and a red light appeared in its eyes.

Gulp.

Many mechanical armies began to walk towards everyone.

“Be on guard!” Huo Qiong super divine shouted. Everyone felt as if they were facing a great enemy.

After all, the enemy was a mechanical super divine that exceeded transcendent 3, an old monster that had existed for tens of millions of years.

Although they didn’t know why Wabra had become an enemy, many archeologists had already started to panic.

Exploring ruins… was indeed a dangerous task!

“Robot, do you know what you’ve done?”

Shi Yu didn’t panic at all in the face of the attack command issued by Wabra.

He left the crowd step by step and stepped on psychic power, walking in the direction of the mechanical super divine Wabra.

“I’ll give you a chance to stop the chaos and remove the impact on all mechanical lives.’

“Otherwise, no matter what your identity is, I’ll tear you apart. Huo Qiong super divine, if you can’t stop it, let me do it.”

“Who exactly is this guy?”

It was Shi Yu again!

At this moment, seeing Shi Yu walk out, many archeologists were shocked.

It was fine if Shi Yu forcefully opened the ruins, but now, facing a mechanical super divine that exceeded transcendent 3, why was he so unyielding?

Could it be reinforcements sent by the headquarters? But he had never heard of this person before.

“What a joke.”

Wabra looked at Shi Yu coldly.

At this moment, a pile of mechanical lives, including perfect divine-level existences, had already approached Shi Yu and surrounded him.

“Shi Yu…” Behind him, Zi Jian was about to go numb.

“Don’t worry,” the cat girl and owl girl standing on the Green Dragon Buggy said seriously.

“This robot is going to be very unlucky,” the gem cat couldn’t help but say.

“Yes, yes, I also predicted it,” the owl said. “It’s good that it was resolved. You scared me to death.’

Zi Jian:

As expected, under everyone’s gaze, facing the mechanical lives in all directions, Shi Yu’s eyes only flashed with a trace of starry sky light. Invisible waves instantly swept over.

Buzz!

Like the aura of a king, it instantly made these mechanical lives above the perfect divine level lose consciousness and fall in pieces.

Bang, bang, bang, bang.

Mechanical lives fell one after another, making Wabra’s expression slightly solemn.

“Cleansing power?”

Shi Yu’s eyes had already turned into the deep color of the starry sky and completed the fusion with Susu.

Just now, Susu had already confirmed that it couldn’t awaken Ling through cleansing methods. In that case, it was better to join the battle and help Shi Yu first.

If Susu, who was comparable to a super divine, went all out and fused with Shi Yu, it might not be much weaker than Wabra.

“l understand. So you’re that guy’s mechanic. You’re stubborn from the same mold.” As soon as Wabra finished speaking.

Everyone could see space shatter as a human figure walked out of Shi Yu’s shadow.

He looked like an ordinary person, but countless people were shocked by his strong physique.

Just his body’s movement distorted space.

Boom!

Beast Shi Yu and Shi Yu, a red light, a blue light, and two dazzling lights instantly streaked across an arc and attacked Wabra from different directions.

“Bang!” Beast Shi Yu instantly arrived, making Wabra’s pupils shrink. It stretched out its hand and condensed a transparent crystal wall shield.

Beast Shi Yu t s fist directly hit the crystal wall shield. In the next moment, the crystal wall shield was almost like a piece of paper as it instantly shattered. The fist still landed on Wabra.

Wabra’s mechanical armor caved in slightly, and its body instantly turned into an illusion. It was directly sent flying by Beast Shi Yu.

“Bastard.’

Wabra, who was flying backward, was shocked. It didn’t understand where these guys came from.

This power… had definitely reached the middle stage of transcendence!

“You guys… have a death wish! Wabra forcefully stabilized its body and looked at Shi Yu, who was also attacking it with the Sea of Stars.

Before it could finish speaking, a terrifying cold aura froze space and time and enveloped the ruins.

“Cold Silence.” Shi Yu’s voice began to lose temperature. Once the cosmic disaster skill was used, everyone felt that everything had stopped.

The computing power that Wabra was proud of, the disaster that couldn’t exceed the universe, was instantly frozen.

Boom!

Shi Yu’s hand touched Wabra. The cleansing power was activated, wanting to reduce the power of Wabra to zero.

However, transcendent 3 was indeed not a simple guy. In the face of the double attack of the epoch god Susu and Beast Shi Yu, it finally reacted.

The three transcendent shadows that were like suns melted Cold Silence immediately, making Wabra react at the critical moment. It instantly tore open the frozen space and hid far away.

“Hu…” Wabra looked at the two people standing side by side not far away with lingering fears.

And now, the archeologists present were already stunned. Not to mention these people, even Zi Jian was a little stunned..