Chapter 1674 - Chapter 1674: Divine 12Th Heavenly Layer (3)

Chapter 1674: Divine 12th Heavenly Layer (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

According to the original situation of the Twilight Star Realm, there were only it and Huo Qiong at the super divine level. Almost no accidents would happen. However, Shi Yu, who suddenly appeared, directly destroyed Wabra’s plan.

Bang!!!

In the outside world, after Beast Shi Yu and Shi Yu destroyed the ruins, their focus was on Wabra.

Under the joint efforts of the two of them, Wabra was directly suppressed until it couldn’t tell its direction.

Looking at Shi Yu and the others, who were like gods of war, suppressing Wabra, many archeologists swallowed their saliva.

Now, they also understood that if Wabra wanted to cause a crisis in the intelligent machinery in the Twilight Star Realm, it should have been foolproof. After all, no one here had the ability to stop it.

However, the other party didn’t predict a freak like Shi Yu, hence resulting in this.

“Wabra, stop quickly!” Huo Qiong super divine shouted. “It might not be too late to stop now.”

“If you continue to do this, you’ll walk towards destruction,” Huo Qiong couldn’t help but say. She and Wabra weren’t contracted. She had her own contracted beast, a perfect divine-level mechanical modified dragon.

However, Wabra was also considered the guardian of her family. She didn’t understand why Wabra would take it so hard and accept the bewitchment of the ruins.

In short, it was a good thing that a variable like Shi Yu had appeared and prevented Wabra from causing a huge disaster. Otherwise, Wabra would definitely be killed by the cosmic overlord army. Even now, if it didn’t die, it couldn’t help but be sent to the army court to receive judgment.

If it stopped now, it might be able to lighten the punishment.

“Shut up.” Wabra couldn’t accept it.

“Stop thinking about it. Even if you surrender, I’ll tear you down.” Be it Wabra or Shi Yu, they didn’t take Huo Qiongs words to heart.

“Make another attack and I’ll tear you apart.”

[Ling.] Shi Yu tried to speak.

[Yes, Master.]

[Master, we have to try to defeat it from both worlds at the same time. Its power is very special. As long as one world still has battle power, the other world won’t fall.] [No problem.]

Under the continuous battle, the dimensional wall seemed to have shattered. Shi Yu finally connected to Ling telepathically again, and Shi Yu couldn’t help but be extremely happy.

At this moment, be it Shi Yu or Ling, they felt the enhancement of their strength.

Ling enjoyed the Psychic Resonance from Shi Yu.

Ling enjoyed his Beast Taming Talent.

As for Shi Yu, he instantly received the feedback that Ling had broken through to the era divine level, and its condition increased greatly.

Once both parties contacted each other, their battle powers erupted again.

In the virtual world, the mecha Ling turned into held a light sword. Under Wabra’s incredulous expression, it cut open its armor and instantly divided it into two. The photons began to erase its traces of existence.

In the outside world, the absent-minded Wabra was also instantly sucked over by the Infinite Devour. Its head was pinched by Shi Yu, and its state was reduced to zero by Shi Yu through the Star Sea Contract+origin fluctuations that erupted with all Shi Yu t s might.

This attack was carried out almost at the same time, and it was also the eruption of the greatest strength of both parties. Both inside and outside were attacked at the same time, directly confusing Wabra. It let out a painful wail that resounded through the starry sky.

Crack.

At this moment.

The virtual world seemed to have shattered.

Many mechanical lives that had the ability to resist but were trapped in the virtual world woke up.

In the Beast Taming Space, the mechanical assistant began to gradually wake up.

This wasn’t an exception. After discovering that their mechanical assistant had awakened, many archeologists were extremely excited.

“He really defeated Wabra, and it was so easy.”

“Was Wabra killed by this person?”

“Will the source of transcendence appear?”

“Who exactly is he?”

Countless people stared at the sky, but in the end, Shi Yu only let go slightly and let the powerless Wabra fall.

Shi Yu only dismantled its core and didn’t completely kill it. After all, it was the super divine of the cosmic overlord army. It was better to leave it to the cosmic overlord army to make their own judgement.

Before seeing a cosmic overlord, it was better not to add trouble. He didn’t

lack a source of transcendence.

“It’s not dead,” Shi Yu said simply. Space ripples appeared beside him, and Lings cubic figure gradually appeared.

Shi Yu wasn’t interested in foiling the other party’s ambition. As long as the other party didn’t look for Ling, it didn’t matter what he did.

After Shi Yu threw down Wabra, he chatted telepathically with Ling, who had returned, as he walked towards Buggy and the others.

At this moment, Huo Qiong couldn’t care less and quickly went to Wabra.

“What’s wrong with this guy?” Shi Yu asked Ling.

“l gained some understanding in the battle. It was originally a very powerful mechanic’s mechanical pet, but after that mechanic died, it was given additional commands to protect and assist his family for generations.”

“It was alright at first, but as time passed, after nearly 100 million years, a mental hole appeared in Wabra, who had lost its freedom for a long time. This era ruin might have captured this mental hole and successfully convinced

Wabra to resist.’

“It’s understandable to want to resist after so many years… Ling, don’t worry, I definitely won’t do that. With me, you have absolute freedom!” Shi Yu immediately said.

“Master, let’s not talk about descendants. Let’s find a wife first.’

Shi Yu: “…It seems a little bad. You broke through. 1 also feel that I can’t suppress my level anymore. It seems like I’m about to reach the 12th heavenly layer of the divine level. Oh no, is the heavenly tribulation coming again?”

“Master, don’t change the topic… Wait, it seems to be a little dangerous.” Ling fell into deep thought and said, “Can you still suppress it?”

When Shi Yu returned to Zi Jian’s side, he looked at the stunned Captain Zi Jian. Zi Jian never expected that Shi Yu would be so fierce after not seeing him for such a short period of time. He could even suppress a super divine that was of transcendent 3.

“Captain Zi Jian, I consumed a lot of energy just now. I’ll go back and rest first. I’ll leave this to you, alright?” Shi Yu asked.

“It shouldn’t be a big deal to destroy the era ruin, right?”

“No, it’s alright. You guys go back first. Leave this to me to deal with.” Zi Jian wanted to ask what was going on with Beast Shi Yu and a series of things just now, but she also knew that Shi Yu probably wouldn’t say.

“Thank you!” Upon hearing Captain Zi Jian’s words, Shi Yu was satisfied. He quickly patted the dragon and let it bring him back.

Now, Shi Yu was very anxious. He wanted to immediately find a quiet place to suppress his level. His and Beast Shi Yu l s current state wasn’t suitable for them to encounter the heavenly tribulation at all.

If the heavenly tribulation came now, they would be killed..