Chapter 1679 - Chapter 1679: The Strongest In The Cosmic Sea And The Strongest In The Overlord Territory (1)

Chapter 1679: The Strongest in the Cosmic Sea and the Strongest in the Overlord Territory (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu still didn’t dodge the lightning tribulation and couldn’t successfully suppress his level.

However, just as the owl had said, the lightning tribulation of the 12th heavenly layer wasn’t much stronger than the lightning tribulation of the 11th heavenly layer.

If Shi Yu, who had Beast Shi Yu, couldn’t withstand it, then probably none of the geniuses from ancient times until now could either.

“Confirm the time. I can set off anytime,” Shi Yu said to Captain Zi Jian.

Zi Jian said, “Alright, then a day later. If an accident happens, it won’t be good if we’re late.’

An accident? A cosmic disaster, right?

Shi Yu thought to himself that that was definitely impossible.

The current Ling had the Wind of Blessing.

The strength of luck was at least comparable to a son of cosmic luck at the peak of the super divine level.

If luck of this level could still be extremely unlucky, that would be too unlucky.

A day later.

The two battleships set off. One was from Zi Jian’s special forces, and the other was Shi Yu l s Ling.

At this moment, Examiner Jermon, the Demolishing Divine Bull, had already been chased away by Shi Yu.

The other party went to Zi Jian’s special forces to receive worship.

“Brother Jermon, were you really the examiner for Captain Shi Yu when you were on the World King Planet??”

Although Shi Yu had just joined Zi Jian’s special forces, he was quickly promoted to captain by Zi Jian.

It couldn’t be helped. Shi Yu’s battle results and strength were too valiant. How could such a person really be a new recruit?

As Shi Yu’s reputation increased, the identity of Jermon who came with Shi Yu also rose.

Some of the new recruits on the Zi Jian’s special forces battleship were shocked when they heard that Jermon was once Shi Yu’s examiner.

“Yeah…” The Demolishing Divine Bull’s balls hurt.

Because the ones worshiping it at this moment were only some new recruits recruited by the Zi Jian’s special forces, as well as some members of the Zi Jian’s special forces who had previously stayed in the overlord territory.

As for the other members, they might have seen its competition with Shi Yu and seen it beaten up by Shi Yu.

Fortunately, these people didn’t say anything and were very sensible. Otherwise, it would be awkward.

However, now that it had become like this, Jermon heaved a sigh of relief. Damn, this wasn’t bad either. It wanted to see who still dared to mock it.

It turned out that Shi Yu, this abnormal guy, could even destroy a super divine level now. Then what was wrong with Jermon losing a competition?

“Brother Bull, what do you think of Captain Shi Yu’s Glory Challenge this time? Can he pass?” A subordinate of the Zi Jian’s special forces held a cup of wine and asked Jermon.

“Needless to say, Shi Yu is a Beast Tamer who passed my test! Naturally, he can also pass…” the cow gradually shouted.

On the other side, on Shi Yu’s battleship.

Shi Yu and the others were also holding a banquet to celebrate Shi Yu’s breakthrough.

“Speaking of which, we’re going to see a cosmic overlord soon. Aren’t you nervous?” the owl girl asked nervously at the wine table.

Previously, as the strongest genius of the Astrologer Race, ordinary super divines had once asked it for a favor and asked it to make a prophecy, so its horizons had always been very high.

However, a cosmic overlord was a cosmic supreme master after all. Not to mention the owl girl, anyone would definitely be a little nervous.

“Wu wu wu!! (Sooner or later, I’ll defeat a cosmic overlord!)” On the table, Baby Ginseng got Eleven a bowl of bamboo wine. Eleven was already dizzy. When it spoke nonsense, no one took it seriously.

Only Baby Ginsengs eyes flashed with a sharp luster. It looked like this alcohol was very resistant to Eleven… Perhaps it could be used next time.

“Wish Star, boohoo, my Wish Star.” The gem cat girl also drank wine, its face red. At the thought that it was about to gather the Wish Star, it was very excited.

Even if these Wish Stars were all with the cosmic overlord, with the smooth sailing in the past, their small group didn’t have any thoughts that it was impossible to achieve.

After experiencing so much, Shi Yu’s small group had already established the confidence that they were omnipotent. They knew that as long as they wanted to, they could definitely achieve it.

“Don’t think too much. Let’s talk through the Glory Challenge first,” Shi Yu

said as he ate the hot roasted divine-level sweet potato.

“Eat, eat, eat.”

“Ji!!” Buggy and the others started eating again.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Yu and the others sailed in the starry sky of the universe for another four months.

After breaking through to the 12th heavenly layer of the divine level, Shi Yu!s physique was further strengthened. In addition, Susu and Ling had become epoch gods, and their support abilities had greatly increased. Shi Yu’s efficiency of adding points also increased further.

At this point, all Shi Yu’s pets had mastered at least one divine skill (Perfect+47). Every pet could be said to be a quasi-epoch god and had the qualifications to charge at the epoch god.

Shorty’s Gem King Eye, the Holy Black Tortoise Body that fused with the Black Tortoise, Duckie’s Eye of the Evil God, Little Ji t s Destruction Body, Buggy’s Spirit Control, and so on were all maxed out by Shi Yu.

For example, Susu and Lings divine skills reached transcendence.

This was also Shi Yu’s preparation for the Glory Challenge. He prioritized upgrading the skills used to resist deterrence. Apart from that, the skills used to support points were also prioritized upgrades. They were also maxed out.

Of course, the price of nurturing a team of quasi-epoch gods quickly appeared.

In just two years, the reserves were enough for the Four Holy Evolvers on the entire World King Planet to use the power of faith in the ruins of the Four Holy Evolvers for millions or even hundreds of millions of years…

It was directly cleaned up by Shi Yua

The Four Holy Ruins was already completely crippled. It had no strength at all.

If the Four Holy Evolvers of the World King Planet knew about this, their eyes would definitely pop out and they would scold Shi Yu for wasting money..