Chapter 1684 - Chapter 1684: Creating A Miracle (1)

Chapter 1684: Creating a Miracle (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The deterrence of the will of a cosmic overlord would condense and be more refined every minute.

A minute later, the light ball in the starry sky had already replaced countless stars and illuminated various star areas.

It was difficult to imagine that this was only a deterrence to test divine-level. Even the transcendent shadows of ordinary super divines were far from so dazzling.

However, what was even more unimaginable was that Shi Yu could actually maintain a good state under such deterrence.

After all, as the miracle of the overlord territory, the genius of the Ting clan, who had broken through the limit of the divine level and fought all the divine-level invincible hands in the entire army, had long been defeated.

Compared to this, Shi Yu’s strength was even more obvious.

“There’s actually a Beast Tamer who can reach the 12th heavenly layer of the divine level.’

“So scary and stable. The Beast Taming Space is like a fortress guarded by countless soldiers. Look, he actually has so many pets…”

“Ordinary Beast Tamers pursue the eliteization of pets to reduce the number of contracts, but he has so many pets, and every one of them is actually ridiculously strong…”

At this moment, apart from Qi and Beast Shi Yu, the spiritual phantoms of many pets had already appeared in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space. Qi was because it wasn’t suitable to appear. In addition, it wasn’t very useful in resisting deterrence. As for Beast Shi Yu, he didn’t have much self-awareness and was completely controlled by Shi Yu’s main body.

Beast Shi Yu t s source power was the key to Shi Yu being able to resist the strongest deterrence, but at this moment, Shi Yu didn’t want to use it.

He wanted to see the limits of himself and his pets first.

Although the deterrence of a universe supreme master had to be broken, the process of breaking through was also a very good training opportunity for

Shi Yu hoped that it would be best if one or two pets could undergo purification to produce a Super Divine Will under the deterrence of a cosmic overlord.

Even if he had the courage to face a transcendent at the divine level, he might be able to temper the will of a transcendent. Wouldn’t the chances of tempering the Super Divine Will be higher if he faced a universe supreme master at the divine level?

Even if he didn’t succeed, the increase in experience in the level of his own will was definitely a huge amount. It could lay a solid foundation for him to train his Super Divine Will in the future.

Therefore, no matter how strong the deterrence from the starry sky was, Shi

Yu still stood firm. The spiritual will phantoms of every pet in his Beast Taming Space also resisted this strongest deterrence with all their might and seriousness.

Eleven’s divine might that was like chaotic lightning, Buggy’s Green Dragon Creation Might, Baby Ginsengs deterrence that seemed to have exceeded the time limit, Chi Tongs focused sword intent deterrence to the extreme, and the world-destroying might of the Vermillion Bird clone. Susu seemed to contain the deterrence of the will of the Sea of Stars, and Lings deterrence that was like a cosmic storm erupted with a bang!

Apart from that, Little Ji’s Earth Overlord Might, Duckie’s Abyss Demon God Might, Turtle and Little Quas’s Black Tortoise Guardian Might, Shorty’s White Tiger Battle Might, in addition to Little Zi t s World Might, Shi Yu’s pets fought the cosmic overlord especially intensely.

Their different deterrence was condensed by Shi Yu’s spirit, turning into a unique deterrence that relied on Shi Yu’s will as the main body to resist the suppression of the cosmic overlord.

“Too strong, too strong.”

Shi Yu and the might of a cosmic overlord resisted each other. Countless people exclaimed in their hearts. Although Shi Yu looked very forced and his face was a little pale, one had to know that the other party was a deterrence left behind by a cosmic overlord. It was the strongest expert in the universe.

Shi Yu could actually resist to this extent. Therefore, it should be said that he was indeed a genius who had broken through the limit of the divine level twice.

In comparison, Ting Yu of the Ting clan didn’t feel that strong anymore. Everyone felt that they were arrogant.

“Two epoch gods and nine powerful pets with perfect divine-level power. No wonder Shi Yu can last so long.” At this moment, as his granddaughter lost, Old Ting Xiang also came to the starry sky and took over Ting Yu from King Lie.

At the same time, he didn’t forget to pay attention to Shi Yu. After discovering Shi Yu’s terrifying strength, he was also shocked. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to be so much stronger than Ting Yu.

From the looks of it, stopping Ting Yu and his challenge was the right choice. Otherwise, losing a match before the Glory Challenge would wear down his will even more.

“Now, this girl might know that there’s always someone better.” As Old Ting Xiang was shocked, the other experts, such as King Lie and the Western

General, also stared at Shi Yu.

The rarest thing wasn’t that Shi Yu had many pets, and every one of them was very strong. The rarest thing was that the level of the will of these pets was also very high. They were cultivated without any shortcomings. This was also the main reason why the power displayed by these pets after their spiritual will condensed could fight against the will of a cosmic overlord.

“However, it’s still a little lacking.”

At this moment, Shi Yu had already used his strength to subdue many spectators in the overlord territory. Zi Jian, the Demolishing Divine Bull, and the others looked at the starry sky, their hearts thumping. They were just short of shouting that Shi Yu was impressive.

However, to the Western General and the others, Shi Yu was indeed very strong. He had walked very far at the divine level, but… it wasn’t enough.

“Lord Cypos finds it very troublesome. He can’t even be bothered to see us under normal circumstances. He can’t even be bothered to personally manage the cosmic overlord army or manage the overlord territory. It’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens to see it.”

“Unless someone with the aptitude to charge into the universe appears, it’s impossible to pass his test..”