Chapter 1681 - Chapter 1681: The Strongest In The Cosmic Sea And The Strongest In The Overlord Territory (3)

Chapter 1681: The Strongest in the Cosmic Sea and the Strongest in the Overlord Territory (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“In that case, I won’t disturb Lord King Lie anymore,” Captain Zi Jian said.

“Yes.” King Lie nodded and said, “There’s one more thing to remind Mr. Shi Yu. During this period, if you encounter a challenge, it’s best not to accept it or do anything dangerous. Please welcome the Glory Challenge in your best state.”

After only meeting King Lie once, Shi Yu and Zi Jian returned. King Lie’s final words were thought-provoking, making Zi Jian smile.

“Shi Yu, do you know what King Lie’s last words mean?”

“It means that I should perform better in the Glory Challenge. He passed the approval. If my performance in the Glory Challenge is lousy, won’t it show that he doesn’t have a good eye for people?”

Zi Jian and Shi Yu chatted as they flew.

“You’re half right. In fact, King Lie wanted to say that he didn’t want you to accept Ting Yu’s challenge. I’m dying of laughter. Looks like the other challenger has long arrived at the Origin Planet. Ting Yu has almost challenged all the famous divine-levels in the overlord territory. Now that you have appeared, she might also want to challenge you.”

“At that time, if both of you are injured, King Lie won’t have anywhere to cry.”

“Ah, this,” Shi Yu said. “Don’t worry, I won’t accept the challenge.”

“I’m relieved to hear that.”

On Origin Planet, in a manor.

A young girl with thin eyebrows, black hair, black eyes, and two ponytails was about to leave when an old man stopped her.

“Where are you going?”

“Grandpa, Shi Yu seems to have arrived at Origin Planet. I heard that he’s very strong. I want to meet him first,” the girl said, as if she was saying something very normal.

“You’re not allowed to go.” Old Man Ting Xiang widened his eyes and said, “Do you still want to carry out the Glory Challenge? What if your condition is affected and you delay the Glory Challenge?”

“It’s alright. I know my limits,” she said.

“I said not to go, so you’re not allowed to go. During this period of time, you have to stay here obediently.”

“It’s not too late for you to challenge after the Glory Challenge ends. There’s no hurry these few days.”

“Tsk.” Ting Yu curled her lips and said, “Stubborn guy.”

With that said, she disappeared.

Ting Xiang: “?”

“Clone??? Damn girl.”

The old man gritted his teeth and contacted King Lie. “Lie Kong, why don’t we do this…

Soon, Shi Yu had already found a temporary place to stay.

The gem cat girl and the owl girl came out of the battleship lazily and lived in a large manor with fresh air.

The environment of Origin Planet wasn’t inferior to that of the World King Planet.

In fact, to a certain extent, it was even better.

This was because compared to the World King Planet, this place was much smaller. There were much fewer races to support.

In addition, the cosmic overlord army had snatched many good things to modify Origin Planet, making the environment here very comfortable. The two cats immediately liked this place.

“I can still work hard for more than a month!” Shi Yu said. “By the way, if I let Baby Ginseng freeload the power of the world on the Origin Planet, will it be beaten to death?”

“Yi… (To be honest, I don’t want to try.)” Baby Ginseng was modifying plants and flowers in the manor, optimizing the environment here again.

“Hm?”

Not long after Shi Yu and the others rested, the gem cat raised its head slightly and sensed a powerful aura slowly approaching.

Shi Yu also sensed it and couldn’t help but look over. A moment later, they discovered a heroic-looking girl in a loose white battle short-sleeved shirt and black battle shorts. She wasn’t tall and stopped in the air above the manor.

“The most dazzling new star of the cosmic overlord army, Ting Yu, who is still active in the strongest Divine Realm.”

After seeing her, Ling immediately detected the other party’s identity and reported it to Shi Yu.

“Beauty, what’s the matter?” Shi Yu also put down what he was doing and looked up with a smile.

He felt strange in his heart. Captain Zi Jian was really right. Ting Yu seemed to be really a battle maniac. They had just arrived, and she actually came looking for them.

“Shi Yu, right? I heard that you’re very powerful. You have the battle record of hunting super divines in the Contaminated Land.”

“Are you interested in fighting?”

“This…” Shi Yu was just about to refuse when Ting Yu said, “According to the rules of the cosmic overlord army, if I lose the bet battle, I’ll give you ten super divine resources. If I win, I don’t want anything from you.”

“Of course, in order to not affect the Glory Challenge, the battle rules can be changed. The main body of the deterrence of the Glory Challenge is a human Beast Tamer. Therefore, this battle is only a battle between pets. Beast Tamers don’t participate. Even if they’re injured in the battle, with the recovery speed of the pets, such a long time is enough.”

“This time, let’s fight IVSI first and spar with the strongest pets of both parties.”

“After the Glory Challenge, we’ll each use our full strength to fight. You win both times, so it’s ten super divine resources. If you win once, it’ll be five.”

“This… isn’t impossible,” Shi Yu said. “I also want to see how powerful the strongest divine level in the overlord territory is.”

“Then it’s settled.” The corners of Ting Yu’s mouth curled up. “I’ll wait for you in the starry sky.”

With that said, she turned and flew into the starry sky. Seeing this, Shi Yu was

first silent before sighing deeply. “How can there be such a bold woman?”

“Ten super divine resources? Give me the feeling that if I don’t accept it, I’ll suffer a huge loss..”