Chapter 1688 - Chapter 1688: Cosmic Overlord Cypos (1)

Chapter 1688: Cosmic Overlord Cypos (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu was extremely happy about Eleven’s breakthrough. He was also extremely happy about his breakthrough. Even under the threat of the deterrence of a cosmic overlord and the threat of the cosmic lightning tribulation, he could still smile.

His laughter shocked countless people. They didn’t understand how Shi Yu could smile in such a dangerous situation.

Boom.

In the starry sky, countless black lightning bolts suddenly struck down, as if they were super divine lightning bolts fused from transcendent spatial laws and transcendent lightning laws. They were incomparably terrifying, and every one of them seemed to be able to destroy a galaxy.

Under the lightning, its divine might was vast. Many weak planets even shattered directly.

The chaotic Sea of Stars had already been turned upside down.

In this desperate situation, a phantom behind Shi Yu kept expanding and gradually turned corporeal. Eleven directly materialized and enlarged to the extreme. It enlarged to the size of a star and became a terrifying cosmic behemoth.

No one expected that at this moment, Shi Yu’s pet, which had just broken through, would stand out. Under everyone’s incredulous gazes, this incomparably terrifying cosmic Behemoth directly stretched out its Thunder Palm that contained black and white lightning and grabbed the lightning tribulations.

“Roar!!!” Under Eleven’s huge roar that resounded through the galaxy, countless lightning tribulations were grabbed by it. The terrifying lightning tribulation quickly followed Eleven’s palm and tried to destroy its body, but at this moment, there was a shocking divine power that Eleven forcefully absorbed and fused with this terrifying lightning tribulation.

Although the flesh of the explosion cracked and cracks appeared in its mind and soul, Eleven still roared and pinched the lightning tribulation, helping Shi Yu, helping the Beast Taming Space, and resisting all the threats.

The calamity came from it, and next, it would also break it!

[Chaos Thunder Body]: It can absorb ten thousand lightning bolts. No matter what kind of lightning it is, it can devour it to strengthen itself. Even if it’s the Law Tribulation Lightning that contains the cosmic will, it’s the same.

This was the key to Shi Yu’s resistance to the lightning tribulation. He had even added points to the Chaos Thunder Body to perfect perfection.

In the past, the lightning tribulation that needed Beast Shi Yu to resist had relied on Eleven itself and its pet to resist most of the power. In fact, under the strengthening of the lightning tribulation, the level of the Chaos Thunder Body had also leaped to super divine, making Eleven’s aura even more terrifying, as if it had become a strange god who could casually summon the universe’s lightning tribulation.

“Roar!!!” In the starry sky, the star-like Chaos Thunder Beast ravaged the tribulation lightning and fused with the nomological will of the universe. It also used the power of the thunder to resist the power of the cosmic overlord. This scene directly shocked everyone.

At this moment, under the deterrence of the lightning, time seemed to have stopped. The lightning seemed to have replaced the deterrence light of the cosmic overlord. After the Devour Lightning Behemoth destroyed the lightning tribulation, it even faced the power of the cosmic overlord head-on and erupted with the temporary power that had just been charged. Warpath swept through the lightning. For the first time, it reached a head-on outcome with the deterrence of the cosmic overlord in an “evenly matched” manner! ;

“This is a miracle!” Shi Yu said.

Boom!!!

Perhaps three minutes had passed, or perhaps Eleven’s deterrence had suppressed the deterrence of the cosmic overlord. In the starry sky, the will of the cosmic overlord slowly dissipated, and the starry sky returned to calm.

Shi Yu stood on the Chaos Thunder Beast’s shoulder and looked at the vast starry sky. He was excited. Then, his roller coaster-like mood calmed down for the first time before he continued to smile.

“Ji (Ji!!)!!!” Buggy and the others also shouted. Seeing Eleven so brave, they completely forgot the danger just now and felt that they had sent it again. They didn’t know when they could surpass Eleven, who was enjoying the benefits of the lightning tribulation version.

As expected, the team internal competition looked even harder.

Shi Yu smiled very happily. At this moment, he felt that even if he didn’t borrow the power of Beast Shi Yu, it didn’t seem to be a problem for Eleven and the others to resist super divines below transcendent 3 with him alone.

This feeling wasn’t bad. This time, no one cared what Shi Yu was smiling about. They only felt that he was very terrifying. Even the Western General at the peak of the super divine level was extremely silent at this moment.

What a monster…

It actually easily withstood the lightning tribulation of a 13th heavenly layer of the divine level under the deterrence of the cosmic overlord?

After all, many hidden geniuses sealed themselves and slept to avoid this terrifying lightning tribulation. In the end, Shi Yu broke such a lightning tribulation just like that?

“Perhaps when those hidden divine-levels appear, they will discover that there’s an even more ridiculous existence waiting for them in the current era.” Today, he wanted to create a miracle!

No one doubted what Shi Yu said anymore. At this moment, he had indeed created a miracle, an extremely ridiculous miracle.

Under the deterrence of the cosmic overlord, it broke through realms and resisted the universe’s lightning tribulation to complete the counterattack.

In a cosmic era, this might also be called one of the most dazzling miracles.

Just as everyone was marveling at this shocking scene, a huge black hole suddenly appeared where the cosmic overlord’s will had disappeared.

The black hole was extremely deep, as if it was connected to another dimension. An incomparably terrifying aura emitted from inside.

“Shi… Yu…! This is… a passage to see the cosmic overlord!” King Lie said.

Without a doubt, the current Shi Yu had already successfully challenged the Glory Challenge and obtained the qualifications to see a universe supreme master!

“You can see a cosmic overlord after entering this black hole?”