Chapter 1687 - Chapter 1687: Creating A Miracle (4)

Chapter 1687: Creating a Miracle (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The gem cat and owl were also stunned.

“You broke through??”

The changes in Shi Yu’s body made everyone unable to believe it. Even the Western General didn’t expect Shi Yu to be able to break through at the last minute under such pressure. After all, even if someone could obtain benefits in the Glory Challenge previously, they only broke through after failing and undergoing countless summaries and digestion.

In his impression, this was the first time Shi Yu’s talent was so good.

Not to mention outsiders, even Shi Yu was a little surprised. He felt that his breakthrough speed seemed to have reached a ridiculous level after contracting Beast Shi Yu.

“Divine level… 13th heavenly layer…” At that moment, as Eleven became an epoch god and Shi Yu broke through to the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level, everyone was numb and stunned, as if they had seen something unbelievable.

“13th heavenly layer of the divine level, the aptitude of a cosmic emperor,” the Western General read. At this moment, at the same time, the experts of the surrounding countless star domains sensed the changes in the laws of the universe.

Another extremely monstrous genius was born.

Since ancient times, the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level had been the highest level of human Beast Tamers, the extreme level. The highest level of divine-level geniuses who had slept since ancient times was only this level, and now, Shi Yu had also reached it.

No one expected to see the birth of a divine-level expert at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level with their own eyes in their lifetime. It didn’t seem wrong for a Beast Tamer of this level to match a super divine that was of transcendent 3.

Such a monster… Boom!!!

Just as everyone was shocked, they suddenly discovered a change. Countless dense cosmic cracks began to appear beside the phantom of the cosmic overlord’s will. In these cosmic cracks, countless black lightning condensed and groups of lightning danced.

“Oh no, lightning tribulation.” Seeing this scene, many experts were shocked.

He had almost forgotten that breaking through the limit of the 10th heavenly layer of the divine level was an act of breaking the laws of the universe. It would be restricted by the cosmic lightning tribulation. If one couldn’t withstand the lightning tribulation, the best outcome was that the newly condensed 13th heavenly layer would be shattered.

At this moment, Shi Yu had just undergone a long purification under the

deterrence of a cosmic overlord. Did he still have the strength to deal with the lightning tribulation now? Even at his peak, it was very difficult to resist such a lightning tribulation.

King Lie’s heart sank. If it was just a simple deterrence of a cosmic overlord, he could still protect Shi Yu. However, the cosmic lightning tribulation… If such a terrifying existence had nothing to do with him, even a peak super divine wouldn’t be willing to touch it.

“Sorry to trouble you. You take care of yourself.”

“Alright, I’ll defy the heavens and become a miracle.” “If you lose, there’s a high chance of you dying.”

He didn’t know how Shi Yu would react to this situation.

“Roar!!” At this moment, Buggy and the others were all silent. They didn’t expect Eleven to be the first to break through successfully, nor did they expect Shi Yu to directly break through the limit under Eleven’s lead, and the current lightning tribulation…

It also seemed to be a huge crisis.

However, it was time.

The lightning tribulation and deterrence descended together. Shi Yu and the others weren’t discouraged at all. Everyone was under extremely excited and had excited expressions.

“Lightning tribulation?”

“Today, I want to create a miracle!” Looking at the lightning tribulation, not only did Shi Yu not panic, but he also laughed out loud.

“The first time, we weren’t prepared. The second time, we still didn’t have time to prepare. The third time, would we still not be prepared?” Shi Yu looked at the lightning tribulation and muttered in his heart.

After suffering two losses and being ambushed twice, it was definitely impossible to make the same mistake again this time. It couldn’t be a third time.

In the four months since leaving the Twilight Star Realm and heading to the Origin Planet, apart from adding points, the most important thing Shi Yu did was to help Eleven deduce and fuse a method that was enough to resist the lightning tribulation to avoid such an awkward situation. From the looks of it, the opportunity was indeed reserved for prepared people.

“Eleven, I’ll leave it to you..”