Chapter 1689 - Chapter 1689: Cosmic Overlord Cypos (2)

Chapter 1689: Cosmic Overlord Cypos (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, Eleven slowly shrank. If Eleven, who had just broken through to the epoch god level, wasn’t considered strong, then Eleven, who had swallowed the lightning tribulation once, was already ridiculously strong. This was because the lightning tribulation had already left a thunder seed in its body. In the future, when Eleven finished refining it, it could even use the cosmic lightning tribulation on a small scale.

This was one of the cosmic disasters that was even more destructive than the Starry Sky Storm and Cold Silence. Eleven undoubtedly gained a lot.

“Go back and rest first.” Shi Yu smiled and recalled Eleven, who was nodding numbly. Then, he looked at the black hole in front of him.

Hu…

Although it looked very dangerous, Shi Yu still chose to go over. After all, he had spent a lot of effort to complete the Glory Challenge just to see the existence after this.

“Only you and your contracted target can enter,” King Lie reminded again. Shi Yu looked in the direction of the Origin Planet and nodded before diving into the black hole.

At this moment, countless people revealed envious gazes, extremely envious.

Although it had never made it clear what benefits it could obtain from seeing a cosmic overlord after completing the Glory Challenge, even if there were no benefits, it was still an incomparable honor to see a cosmic overlord.

After all, no one knew what they had experienced inside during this period of time. The experience of seeing a cosmic overlord could be said to be a death exemption. Which super divine in the entire universe dared to harm a person who had seen a cosmic overlord?

Moreover, the wealth of a cosmic overlord was peerless in the universe. It was rare for someone to spend so much effort to see him, so how could he not reward him?

“Brilliant, Shi Yu, charge forward, but remember to be polite. Don’t casually acknowledge Mom…” On Origin Planet, the gem cat was already looking forward to the arrival of the Wish Star.

“A cosmic overlord shouldn’t be a woman, right?” The owl muttered beside him.

“Wu…” At this moment, in the starry sky, Ting Yu, who had been healed by Old Nian Ting Xiang, gradually recovered her consciousness. At this moment, her mind was very hazy. She sensed the remaining power in the starry sky and coughed dryly again.

Then, there were violent after-effects that made her tremble continuously.

“Good granddaughter, don’t be afraid, don’t be afraid. Grandpa is here, and it’s over. After all, he’s a cosmic overlord. A failure doesn’t mean anything. Now, you understand that you still have a long way to go, right?”

“l…” Ting Yu trembled. She suddenly recalled something and said, “Where’s that Shi Yu?”

Just as she asked, Old Ting Xiang fell silent, not knowing how to answer. This was really a sad story…

At the same time, in the endless darkness, Shi Yu seemed to have crossed countless star areas.

When he woke up again, he had already arrived at a special space. This special space was not big, and it wasn’t even very gorgeous. It was like a very ordinary mountain cave. It was surrounded by strange rocks without any energy fluctuations. The surrounding mountains and rivers were extremely simple.

Although it didn’t look like there was any extraordinary power, Shi Yu had just entered when he sensed an aura that was as heavy as an era, making him subconsciously speak.

“The ruins of the era.’

This space was a place of an unknown era, a corner from the previous era.

Shi Yu suddenly shook his head and didn’t care about this. This wasn’t the most important thing. Most importantly, where was the cosmic overlord?

He looked at the only passage in the mountain cave and walked deeper step by

step. With every step, his heart felt stifled. He sensed a power that wasn’t much different from before. Although this power was very weak, Shi Yu could sense that they came from the same source.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived in front of a stone door. He took a deep breath and slowly pushed open the stone door. In the next moment, as if his vision kept lengthening, he saw a stone staircase with hundreds of millions of steps. He couldn’t tell if this was an illusion or real, but on the highest throne, there was indeed a supreme life form that Shi Yu couldn’t even raise his head to see.

Shi Yu didn’t forcefully look up at the true appearance of the cosmic overlord.

He only immediately bowed and said, “Your Majesty, the cosmic overlord..”

“How long has it been? I thought that deterrence setting was too strong. Looks like someone can still pass.” A low voice came from above.

Shi Yu was speechless.

“Tell me, what’s your goal in seeing me? Don’t tell me you only want an autograph like that guy 300 million years ago?”

Shi Yu was speechless.

Shi Yu kept feeling that the cosmic overlord was different from what he imagined.

Shi Yu took a deep breath and directly revealed his goal.

“Lord cosmic overlord.’

“l wonder if you know Goddess Wa Wind Spirit.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he could clearly sense that the life on the throne was silent for a moment.

It was said that Goddess Wa had helped the cosmic overlord manage the cosmic overlord army in his place. However, Shi Yu had investigated that there was no god title like Goddess Wa or her real name in the cosmic overlord army.

Therefore, he guessed that Goddess Wa had joined the cosmic overlord army under an alias.

However, the main body of the cosmic overlord should know Goddess Wa’ s other names.

“l see. I was wondering why someone would suddenly come. So it’s her.” The cosmic overlord, Cypos, chuckled, as if he had fallen into memories.

“After she left the cosmic overlord army and disappeared for so long, I thought she was dead.”

“The person you’re talking about has also passed the test of will. She once took charge of the cosmic overlord army for a period of time and is the most outstanding archeologist in the cosmic overlord army.. Are you her junior?”