Chapter 1686 - Chapter 1686: Creating A Miracle (3)

Chapter 1686: Creating a Miracle (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Although it was also him in his previous life, he didn’t have the memories of that experience. The memories he had were that he had become a Beast Tamer and contracted pets. He soaked in wolfberries, ate supplements, and slowly added points to them, slowly watching the experience of them becoming stronger Beast Tamers.

Therefore, if possible, Shi Yu still hoped to be able to pass the Glory Challenge with the power of his pets. Only then would it be true glory.

As Shi Yu’s condition became worse and worse, countless people went from being shocked at the start to not thinking highly of him. It couldn’t be helped. It wasn’t that Shi Yu was weak, and this deterrence was too strong. In the memories of most people, the Glory Challenge was a challenge that no one could pass. It was very normal for Shi Yu to fail.

After all, that was an opportunity to meet a universe supreme master.

“Can’t take it anymore, can’t take it anymore???” Shi Yu was gradually suppressed. On Origin Planet, the gem cat girl was shocked.

“Don’t panic!” The owl girl also had a nervous expression. Shi Yu, oh Shi Yu, why didn’t he use his full battle power? Could it be that Shi Yu was using the deterrence of a cosmic overlord as a sparring partner?

“Brother, hold on.” The Demolishing Divine Bull, Jermon, and the others were nervous. They couldn’t bear to see Shi Yu fall into a disadvantage.

“No, it’s already the limit.” King Lie, the Western General, and the others shook their heads. Unfortunately, just as they felt that it was impossible for

Shi Yu to pass, everyone was suddenly stunned and heard a thunderous roar.

The huge roar came from Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space phantom, from one of the pets, the black and white Iron-eating Beast. It supported its will body with difficulty and raised its head, looking at the deterrence will of the cosmic overlord with a burning gaze.

“Wuu!!!” It roared. Even if its deterrence was like a firefly and a bright moon in comparison, it was still roaring. While the other pets were suppressed until they couldn’t breathe, Eleven took the initiative to let its spiritual will become the one mainly bearing the deterrence.

The reason was very simple, It was Shi Yu’s initial pet. When other pets fell, Eleven didn’t allow it to fall too.

Its black pupils were filled with warpath. The nature of the Battle God Body was circulated to the extreme, transforming its fear into powerful warpath. It relied on warpath to transform into deterrence and resist the powerful will of the enemy.

“Eleven.” Shi Yu was more gratified to see that Eleven could still react. However, at this moment, he could also sense that Eleven was only an arrow at the end of its flight and was barely struggling. Even Ling and Susu’s wills found it difficult to resist the deterrence of the cosmic overlord’s will. The eruption of its battle intent was still too short.

In an instant, Eleven’s battle intent was suppressed a lot. However, Eleven still tried its best to support its body and looked at the will embodiment of the cosmic overlord with a burning gaze.

“Wuu!! (Sooner or later, I’ll defeat a cosmic overlord! When resisting, Eleven shouted again, stunning the entire team. So this wasn’t Eleven’s nonsense at the wine table. It had spat out its inner thoughts.

Of course, everyone could also sense Eleven’s difficulty because the cosmic overlord was too strong. Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others’ expressions froze. They gritted their teeth and also let out cries.

At this moment, the three inner brothers didn’t allow their limelight to be snatched away by a bear.

It was just a cosmic overlord. They could defeat it in the future.

Under Eleven’s lead, Buggy and Baby Ginseng also emitted some warpath. It was the encouraging effect of the Battle God Body.

“Mi!” “Ning!”… Consecutive cries came from the phantom of the Beast Taming Space. The other pets also revealed determined expressions under the suppression.

Sensing that the gradually defeated will was condensing again, Shi Yu said happily, “That’s more like it.”

“If I say that I will still support your growth with all my might in the future, are you confident of defeating a cosmic overlord?” Shi Yu asked.

“Wuu!!!” “Roar!!!” ‘Yi!!!” The pets answered one by one. The deterrence of their wills further strengthened the wnhancement, but the deterrence of a cosmic overlord clearly couldn’t be reversed in this way.

However, this was undoubtedly a charging horn to launch a counterattack. With a boom, under the excited response of the pets, Eleven’s will level was the first to undergo a transformation. Under the feedback of everyone’s warpath, it increased with a bang.

An unstoppable powerful will wave bloomed on Eleven, making it let out a shocking roar.

In the face of the deterrence of a cosmic overlord, Eleven, who still had a strong warpath, directly made its will transform and sublimate into a Super Divine Will. Under the lead of its will, its Battle God Body was the first to increase to transcendent, allowing Eleven to step into the epoch god level and become the third epoch god in Shi Yu!s team!

“Roar!!!” Eleven roared continuously. Warpath erupted and swept through the starry sky. This change stunned countless experts.

Old Man Ting Xiang, King Lie, and the others, who originally thought that Shi Yu was also going to retreat, were shocked when they saw Shi Yu e s pet break through to the epoch god level.

Three epoch gods.

The most terrifying thing was that at this moment, Shi Yu e s Beast Taming Space, which was originally on the verge of collapse and had already shattered, actually repaired itself. Moreover, it showed signs of climbing higher into the starry sky.

Boom!!!

Under a thunderclap, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space phantom directly had an additional level, becoming the 13th heavenly layer. This scene stunned many experts.

“Holy sh*t.” The Demolishing Divine Bull and the others were extremely shocked..