Chapter 1685 - Chapter 1685: Creating A Miracle (2)

Chapter 1685: Creating a Miracle (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Epoch god, very good. The 12th heavenly layer of the divine level is also very good, but it’s not like no one has reached it since ancient times. It’s not like no one has challenged the Glory Challenge like this…”

“l can only say that we’re still one step away. It’s a little regretful.” The Western General shook his head.

In his opinion, if he wanted to pass the Glory Challenge, he had to reach the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level. This level, which could be said to be a miracle of the era, was the only way to see the cosmic overlord in person.

For ordinary people, this level might be very unfamiliar, but for them, who were at the peak of the super divine level, they understood that compared to humans, only by reaching the divine level and reaching the 13th heavenly layer would they have a glimmer of hope of becoming a cosmic level in the future.

In the billions of years of cosmic history, only human geniuses who had reached the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level had been personally seen by the cosmic overlord.

Shi Yu was still a distance away.

However, the Western General could sense that Shi Yu was very young. He was less than 30 years old and not older than Ting Yu. There were clearly endless possibilities in the future. 12 days might not be the limit.

Perhaps due to the restriction of age, he couldn’t break through the Glory Challenge today, but if he could transform because of this, he might be able to pass in the future.

As expected, as a peak super divine, the Western General’s horizons were very impressive. After two minutes, the will of the cosmic overlord further strengthened its enhancement and reflected a wider starry sky. Shi Yu’s expression suddenly changed.

Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others felt an even greater pressure.

This pressure had already begun to make Shi Yu’s 12th heavenly layer phantom sway. Cracks had already appeared in the Beast Taming Space, and blood had already unconsciously flowed out of the corners of Shi Yu’s mouth, making Shi Yu’s spiritual will a little blurry, making the condensed will of all the members a little scattered.

“Hu…” At this moment, in the Beast Taming Space, the brains of the fusion turtle, Little Quas, and the others were incomparably painful. They gradually lost control of their bodies, and their fusion state was about to be removed under this pressure. This was the result of many companions helping them resist the deterrence.

If they were the ones dealing with it, they would probably have been shocked into disintegrating. Turtle and Little Quas couldn’t believe that there was actually a life form that could rely on deterrence to this extent. Was this a universe supreme master?

“Meow! It wasn’t just them. The white tiger in majestic armor had also gradually shattered. The short cat’s king eyes were filled with disbelief and unwillingness, but it was still difficult to withstand the increasingly condensed deterrence of an overlord.

“Roar!!!” “Quack!!!” Little Ji, Duckie, and the others used the strength to suck milk. However, in an instant, Little Ji, who only wanted to be the overlord of the earth, felt that it was small and shocked. This was because the other party was the overlord of the entire universe and the entire starry sky. As for Duckie, it even felt the fear that came from its bloodline. That was the target of fear for the entire Abyss Race, no, even the highest commander above the Abyss Race, the Dark King on the cosmic throne, the cosmic overlord, Cypos.

“What a joke.” Shi Yu sensed the pets’ will gradually collapse. In the end, the evil thoughts contained in this condensed deterrence were too strong. Little Zi was frightened into a ball because it was facing demons who casually traded countless star domains and hundreds of millions of planets with      a flick of its finger.

Baby Ginseng kept using the power of time to stimulate its potential, but it realized that the other party’s existence seemed to be a target that it couldn’t surpass in its life no matter how much it squeezed out its potential. No matter how it grew, even if the Beast Tamer used all his strength to nurture it.

Chi Tong was even more covered in sweat in the face of such a terrifying deterrence. It felt that in front of a cosmic overlord, no matter how hard it worked, even if it sacrificed its life, it was impossible to protect Shi Yu well. This power was no longer something ordinary people could resist.

Buggy even felt that even as a real cosmic-level Green Dragon, it was completely no match for such an existence. This was restricted by it to the Green Dragon’s evolution path. This was a target that it could never resist if it didn’t find its own path.

Even Susu and Ling, who had the Super Divine Will, were shocked. What Susu saw was an illusion that made the entire universe and the entire Sea of Stars afraid. Its greatest support, the starry sky, was afraid of the cosmic overlord, as if the cosmic overlord could destroy the entire universe as long as it wanted.

Ling, who was calm and rational to the extreme, even analyzed that the success rate of resisting a cosmic overlord was completely 0%. It was precisely because this calm rationality became Lings greatest obstacle that she almost lost her mind.

At that moment, when they saw that Shi Yu’s body had already gradually trembled, blood tears flowed out of the corners of his eyes. His body was slowly pressed down, and many people were stunned and exclaimed.

“As expected, I knew it. Even he can’t.”

“Lord cosmic overlord is invincible,’

Although Shi Yu was very strong, if a person they had never heard of before directly passed the Glory Challenge, many people would also feel uncomfortable. No, although Shi Yu had resisted for a period of time, he had indeed fallen into a similar outcome to Ting Yu at the start and was about to be crushed!

“All of you, pull yourselves together,” Shi Yu growled. His body was indeed about to be crushed. His bones were about to turn into powder. If not for the fact that he could control his body freely, he would have already lost his mind from the pain.

However, although it had reached this extent, Shi Yu still didn’t borrow the power of Beast Shi Yu. He was unwilling to rely on the power left behind from his previous life to complete the Glory Challenge..