Chapter 1683 - Chapter 1683: The Strongest In The Cosmic Sea And The Strongest In The Overlord Territory (5)

Chapter 1683: The Strongest in the Cosmic Sea and the Strongest in the Overlord Territory (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Look, Ting Yu of the Ting clan…”

At this moment, Ting Yu’s miserable appearance reflected the starry sky. The experts on the Origin Star looked at Ting Yu with trembling hearts. Under the circumstances where those ancient geniuses slept and didn’t come out, Ting Yu was the strongest divine level in the current overlord territory.

It was also the person in everyone’s impression who was most likely to pass the Glory Challenge.

However, even she found it extremely difficult to face the power of a cosmic overlord. She was about to be crushed.

Ting Yu’s gaze was filled with a dead and lifeless expression. Her consciousness had already almost collapsed under the might of the overlord. At this moment, she seemed to have experienced countless deaths, as if she could see countless star domains being destroyed in front of her eyes.

“As expected, it’s still a little lacking,” King Lie said in the starry sky. Since ancient times, countless geniuses had undergone the Glory Challenge, but

only when they really experienced that moment would they know how terrifying the remaining power of the strongest in the universe would be.

It wasn’t that they were too weak, but that the cosmic overlord was too strong.

The current deterrence had already been suppressed to the divine level, but the divine level in the concept of the number one expert in the universe was definitely different from the divine level in the impression of these “ordinary people”.

“The 11th heavenly layer of the divine level is actually unable to resist!” Countless experts were shocked. Even some super divines were shocked. Even if it was just perception, it made them a little afraid. They felt that even they couldn’t block such a level of deterrence.

Was this really a divine-level deterrence test?

“Do you have a direction now?” On Origin Planet, Old Ting Xiang was paying attention to his granddaughter. Many geniuses who had experienced the deterrence of a cosmic overlord had completely fallen. Their willpower had disappeared, but there were also some geniuses who had found a new direction and became braver. He hoped that his granddaughter would be the latter.

Failure wasn’t scary, but as long as one absorbed the EXP, they would succeed.

“Pfft!!!” In less than a minute, under the deterrence of the cosmic overlord, Ting Yu spat out blood crazily. Her internal organs and bone marrow were flattened, and the Beast Taming Space had already collapsed several times. She indeed felt the danger of death.

As her consciousness gradually fainted, Ting Yu saw Shi Yu’s figure. At this moment, she was in extreme disbelief because Shi Yu’s condition was much better than hers. It was just that his face was pale.

Indeed. After seeing Ting Yu’s miserable appearance, most people also noticed Shi Yu. This was said to be the strongest divine-level person in the Cosmic Sea today.

Compared to Ting Yu, Shi Yu’s condition was much better. It was so good that it was unbelievable. Under such a long deterrence, he still stood in the starry sky with his main body without any performance.

Just now, people thought that he didn’t mainly experience deterrence, but after careful observation, they realized that the deterrence level he endured had always been exactly the same as Ting Yu.

“What’s wrong with this guy?” Countless people were shocked.

“So scary. Is this the deterrence of a cosmic overlord? It’s just a deterrence left behind. Without the main body around, I feel that it can instantly kill Shi Yu,” the gem cat girl said from below.

“Why not insta-kill you?” the owl said.

“Shi Yu, he… is… holding on??” On the Zi Jian’s special forces’ side, the Demolishing Divine Bull was panicked and nervous.

“It’s not over at all. The deterrence of the Glory Challenge will last for three minutes. Every minute, it will even increase enhancement a little. This is just the beginning…” Zi Jian said.

In less than a minute, Ting Yu, who was at the 11th heavenly layer of the divine level, lost the three-minute challenge, making countless divine and super divine experts fall silent.

So, did the cosmic overlord really want someone to see it?

No one thought that Ting Yu was weak, but they realized again how ridiculous the Glory Challenge was.

“Come back.”

When King Lie saw that Ting Yu had already lost consciousness, he directly pulled her back, helping her give up the challenge. If she persisted, after a minute, Ting Yu would definitely die.

At this moment, after pulling Ting Yu back, King Lie looked at Shi Yu in surprise.

Buzz!

A minute passed. The deterrence Shi Yu endured finally reached an unimaginable level. As Shi Yu stubbornly raised his head and looked at the overlord light ball, the spatial phantom behind Shi Yu was forced out.

Boom.

The light was dazzling. Layer after layer, the Beast Taming Space phantom of the 12th heavenly layer stood behind Shi Yu like a starry sky pavilion. In the spatial phantom, the Chaos Panda, the Green Dragon, the Heavenly Emperor Ginseng, the Sword Maiden, the Sea of Stars Sprite, and the epoch god Ling gathered there.

Compared to one of Ting Yu t s pets, Shi Yu had too many pets. Although their strength levels weren’t uniform, overall, they were still very powerful and terrifying.

Under the unity of everyone, they could completely withstand the deterrence of a cosmic overlord.

“It’s much stronger than I imagined… But this is more interesting. Come on!” Shi Yu exclaimed in his heart. The Beast Taming Space opened, and the 12th heavenly layer crossed the starry sky, stunning countless people.

This… was…

“The 12th heavenly layer of the divine level? How is this possible? There’s such a realm???” On the Origin Planet, countless divine-level experts were shocked. Even some super divines saw this terrifying realm phenomenon for the first time.

It was actually one level higher than Ting Yu. What kind of monster was Shi Yu?

No wonder he could last so long.

“I see. It has actually reached this stage.” King Lie was also very surprised. After all, even among the sleeping ancient geniuses, there were very few who had reached the 12th heavenly layer of the divine level.

“No wonder it could defeat Wabra.” In the distant starry sky, a super divine expert was also watching this place. The Western General looked at the 12 heavens phantom behind Shi Yu and muttered. As expected of the strongest divine level in the Cosmic Sea.

As soon as the 12th heavenly layer appeared, regardless of level, every person who saw this shocking phenomenon had different emotions in their hearts. There was shock, envy, jealousy, and disbelief..