Chapter 1698 - Chapter 1698: Accelerated Era (4)

Chapter 1698: Accelerated Era (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Buzz!

From an old distance, an attack called the Compression Starry Sky Storm Bullet began to condense in front of the battleship Lings many cannon barrels…

In the distance, when the Blood Origin God on the meteorite was stunned, many Starry Sky Storm Cannons were directly activated, causing the power of the starry sky in all directions to sweep towards the Blood Origin God.

“What is it!!!”

At this moment, sensing the attack in the distance, the bloodseeker was shocked.

Boom!!!

Countless Starry Sky Storm cannonballs attacked from all directions, making the pupils of the Blood Origin God shrink. In the next moment, its entire body was swept into the Starry Sky Storm.

Moreover, the attacks from all directions never stopped.

“Unlucky guy.”

Two gloating sighs came from the battleship. After an unknown period of time, there was only a fist-sized blood core left in the starry sky. It used a powerful force that didn’t belong to it to protect itself and fled crazily.

However, it couldn’t escape at all. A powerful spatial seal instantly sealed it in the starry sky.

There was also a difference in the epoch god. The epoch god that had mastered a transcendent divine skill was still on a different level from a monster like Ling, who had more than ten transcendent divine skills.

Under the circumstances where the Blood Origin God was confused and vomited blood, it directly landed in Shi Yu and the others’ hands and became a prisoner of war.

The battleship slowly drove over. A voice came from inside, waking the Blood Origin God up.

“Kid outside, did you have a trace of malice just now and want to rob us and plunder our blood?”

The Blood Origin God, who was squeezed by space, was just about to deny it when it saw several cannon barrels spreading fluctuations again, making its eyelids twitch.

Damn it, what was it? Why did it encounter the first unfamiliar life form it encountered when it woke up this time? It was an incomprehensible monster combination. Although it indeed wanted to rob, all its thoughts and evil thoughts were left in its heart.

This could also be sensed and insta-killed?

“Wait.” Before the Starry Sky Storm Cannon was fired, the Blood Origin God hurriedly shouted for it to stop. “1 admit that 1 did think about it for a while, but I’m really too hungry. It’s completely instinct.”

“You’re from the Land of Sleep?”

The Starry Sky Cannon didn’t fire, and a voice came from inside again. When he heard this voice, the Blood Origin God heaved a sigh of relief and quickly nodded. Since the other party knew about the Land of Sleep, it was easy.

Seeing that it was a member of the cosmic overlord army, it shouldn’t make things difficult for it, right?

“Are there any sleeping epoch gods in the Land of Sleep?” Shi Yu asked.

“Almost gone. For some special reason, we all woke up in advance and left the Land of Sleep.”

“At this time, they might have all left.”

Thump.

After the Blood Origin God finished speaking, Shi Yu almost pressed the trigger excitedly.

As if sensing that the surrounding situation was wrong, the Blood Origin God hurriedly added, “Wait, I was just guessing… Perhaps there’s still a group of guys who haven’t left…”

“l think I should send you away,” Shi Yu said unhappily.

Ten days later, Shi Yu and the others still worked hard to come near the Land of Sleep.

Along the way, apart from the Blood Origin God, they didn’t encounter any other epoch gods.

When they arrived at the core galaxy where the Land of Sleep was, they also sensed it. They didn’t sense the existence of other powerful epoch gods, which couldn’t help but make Shi Yu a little puzzled.

Most importantly, even the overlord network couldn’t be used in this godforsaken place, causing him to not know where to start looking for the star guardian King Lie mentioned.

“Are you guys looking for me?”

However, fortunately, the guardians here seemed to be paying attention to the commotion in this galaxy at all times. Shi Yu and the others were noticed the moment they entered.

A purple-haired Ioli in the form of a spirit body appeared out of thin air in front of the battleship..