Chapter 1697 - Chapter 1697: Accelerated Era (3)

Chapter 1697: Accelerated Era (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“If it’s really a cosmic level and they discover that I actually have the ability to do such a thing, will they have the thought of ‘Eh, not a bad little guy, 1 have to get it?”

Shi Yu and the owl: ‘

“Teacher Ying, calm down first,” Shi Yu said.

“If all the cosmic levels are really here, even if they recognize your identity as a member of the Star Prayer Race, it should be fine.”

“The Star Prayer Race is a race born on the World King Planet. The World King definitely won’t harm you. Our Wish Star inheritance was just obtained from a cosmic overlord. The cosmic overlord definitely knows that you have a deep relationship with me, so he naturally won’t harm you…”

“With two cosmic levels on our side, what are you afraid of?”

“That’s true, that’s true.” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s analysis, the gem cat heaved a sigh of relief.

“However…” Shi Yu said, “Teacher Owl, if the universe is accelerated, some powerful experts should be able to sense it, right?”

“Well, we’ve been sailing and cultivating. Our perception of the outside world might not be very obvious, but if it’s some high-level super divines or some sleepers who have been waiting to transcend the origin, they should be able to sense it,” the owl said. “The former is because they’re strong, and the latter is because they’ve mastered some special method, right? Something like a time-sensing alarm clock?”

Shi Yu said, “In that case, the situation Teacher Ying sensed happened recently.”

“The five cosmic levels usually don’t care about such a small matter like the natural birth of a source of transcendence in the universe. The chances of them attacking are very small.”

“And apart from them, there’s only the cosmic level that escaped from prison. It’s it… It’s it that’s accelerating this era, wanting the universe to quickly condense a new source of transcendence??”

“If it were any other cosmic level doing this kind of thing, it probably wouldn’t attract the attention of the other four cosmic levels. However, if it’s the sixth cosmic level that escaped recently, it’s different. Because of the novelty, the other cosmic levels will also have to pay attention to his movements.” “Therefore, Teacher Ying felt that there were six pairs of eyes at that time.”

“l see.” After Shi Yu finished analyzing, the gem cat and owl nodded and felt that it made sense.

“Master, you’ve finally become smart.” Ling’s voice came from god knows where.

“Cut the crap. Start your battleship.”

“But it’s already at the cosmic level. It’s useless to use the source of transcendence, right?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“Wait a minute, the birth of a transcendent origin represents a huge battle, At this time, it will undoubtedly make the entire universe very chaotic… Countless divine and super divine levels will be swept into it and a huge chaotic battle will happen to fight for it.”

“This guy… wants to stir up… the war of the entire universe in advance?” Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat.

It had just escaped from prison, and it was already doing such an exciting thing?

This should only be the surface goal. Shi Yu couldn’t guess the other partys true goal.

“So… is this a good thing or a bad thing?” the gem cat said.

“With a cosmic-level attack, a transcendent origin will probably be born soon.

However, it’s not easy for us to be involved in a cosmic-level dispute.” Shi Yu said, “Who knows if it’s a good thing or a bad thing…”

As they were thinking, Ling said, “Master, a very strong guy is coming towards us.’

“Initial judgment is that the strength of an epoch god far exceeds that of ordinary perfect gods.”

“However, it’s not my match.”

“Well…” Shi Yu said, “How can there be such a place in the middle of nowhere…

Wait a minute, Ling, how far are we from the Land of Sleep?”

“It’s less than half a month’s journey.”

Shi Yu slapped his forehead and said, “The universe has been accelerated. If the sleepers can sense it, do you think the epoch god in the Land of Sleep has woken up?”

“That’s a possibility,” Ling said. “The probability of one of the many sleeping epoch gods in the Land of Sleep rushing towards us is very high.”

“Ling, can you accelerate?”

“I’m worried that after the guys in the Land of Sleep woke up, they left.” “In that case, won’t it be meaningless for us to go here…”

“Alright.” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Ling nodded. The battleship’s speed increased a little.

At the same time that it accelerated, Ling also captured the situation of the epoch god that was coming towards them more clearly.

In the distance, a strange life form sitting on a wandering meteorite was licking his lips.

His entire body was red, like a water-element life form. On a closer look, he looked more like a demon made of blood.

“I’m so hungry.”

This monster-like bloodseeker’s aura was messy and powerful. Sensing the fragrant aura in front of it, it also accelerated.

“Master, there’s information about the other party’s race in the database. This seems to be a cosmic life form that evolved by sucking blood. It’s considered the ancestral race of all vampires. It’s similar to the Space Worm. Its devour evolution ability is very strong…”

“Meow!!!” At this moment, Shorty suddenly meowed in its own room, as if it was reminding Shi Yu of something.

“l understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

It meant that the Blood Origin God in the distance had just woken up from its sleep and was thinking about their blood.

“The path is narrow.” Because of Susu, who had mastered the Infinite Devour, Shi Yu wasn’t very interested in this race… Therefore…

He placed his hand on the battleship and touched the battleship. His eyes lit up slightly. He directly used the power of his divine-level 113th heavenly layer to temporarily strengthen Ling..