Chapter 1693 - Chapter 1693: Land Of Sleep (3)

Chapter 1693: Land of Sleep (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Oh? Why?” Shi Yu said.

This question had actually been troubling him, but because Shi Yu already had a guess in his heart, he didn’t pursue it.

“This is all because of the cosmic overlord.’

“Because in the past, the cosmic overlord explored an era ruin and obtained a key piece of information.”

“If you want the universe to stop the reincarnation that happens once every ten billion years and let the universe live forever, the key is humans,” King Lie said.

“Why is it a human?” Shi Yu said. “According to what I know, humans were also very powerful races in the last era. There might even be cosmic-level humans, but those eras still didn’t escape the fate of end.”

He didn’t know about the last era, but in the last era… Since there was a cosmic-level mechanical life form, theoretically speaking, there should also be a cosmic-level mechanic who created it, right?

King Lie shook his head. “l don’t know about that. After all, no cosmic-level human has been born in this era.’

“Lord cosmic overlord once seemed to want a cosmic-level human Beast Tamer to appear and let it study it. Unfortunately, after so many years, even if lord cosmic overlord nurtured it very carefully, no such human Beast Tamer could be born.’

“In the end, it gave up.”

“In the beginning, the cosmic overlord was very concerned about exploring the ruins of the era and nurturing humans. Unfortunately, he didn’t obtain any positive results.”

“That period was the most glorious time for humans.”

“Compared to that time, although the status of humans in the universe is still not bad, it has already decreased a lot.”

“The reason is largely because of the loss of the interest of the cosmic overlord.’

Shi Yu was silent. So, the guardian of the cosmic human race was actually a cosmic overlord?

Because of its archeological results, no matter how much cosmic factions like the Worm Queen, the Dark King, and the Beastmaster expanded their territories, they wouldn’t kill the humans.

“Senior King Lie, you mean?”

“l think your talent doesn’t just stop at the 13th level of the divine level,” King Lie said.

“Perhaps you should have stronger achievement in the future, so that… Lord cosmic overlord can regain his interest in humans.”

“At that time, you won’t be the only one benefitting. The entire human race will also benefit.’

“Senior King Lie, you’re kidding. How could l?” Shi Yu smiled…

“No, you can,” King Lie said. “The first time we met, you got the cosmic overlord to give you four Wish Stars as a reward. This means that it thinks very highly of you.”

“If you’re willing, the human factions in the cosmic overlord army can assist you in competing for the next transcendent origin.” King Lie smiled.

Shi Yu was stunned.

“Although you’re very strong now, 1 believe you also know the speciality of that source of transcendence. That’s no longer a divine-level battle. The divine-levels who are preparing to break through to the super divine level will also be involved.’

“In tact, behind some divine-level geniuses, there will be life forms at the peak of the super divine level protecting them.”

“In this situation, it’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens for ordinary divine-levels to compete for that source of transcendence.”

“Although the Blue Planet bloodline you’re from is strong, it’s not enough to protect you from steadily seizing that source of transcendence. Of course, you’re still young. You might be able to wait, but any life form has a golden age. Even if you seal yourself and sleep, it can’t change some things. The earlier you break through to the super divine level, the higher the chances of breaking through to the cosmic level in the future.”

“Moreover, in the universe, there’s no lack of geniuses. Countless geniuses will appear every once in a while, so the competitors will never decrease. If this drags on, they will only be eliminated by the universe in the end.”

“Of course, the reason why I made this promise is also because you’re indeed the most special Beast Tamer I’ve seen in so long. Even if it’s a Beast Tamer at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level like the one sleeping in the Cosmic

Sea, I feel that it’s inferior to you.”

“Perhaps you really have hope of making the cosmic overlord interested again.

This way, our group can also benefit along.”

King Lie said. The wealth of the cosmic overlord army was almost the best in the universe. If the cosmic overlord suddenly had a whim and liked a certain race and wanted to nurture it, that race could completely quickly become a large race that dominated the universe.

“There’s no need for Senior King Lie to say this. I’ll also work hard to improve myself,” Shi Yu said.

“Haha, I believe that too,” King Lie said. “But you’re still young and lack training. Back then, when you challenged Glory Challenge, I could tell that every one of you was incomparably young. You shouldn’t have much experience. The opportunities were greater than training.”

“But it’s alright. Believe in yourself. The Glory Challenge is far from the end. I look forward to your next challenge. You’ll challenge the cosmic overlord himself, not a will.’

“Huh??” Shi Yu was stunned. “Lord cosmic overlord… can still challenge?”

King Lie said, “Of course. As long as you reach the peak of the super divine level, you can challenge it in theory. Moreover, as long as you can force out 1% of the strength of the cosmic overlord, the cosmic overlord will allow this challenger to manage the cosmic overlord army in its place for a period of time and enjoy the treatment of the cosmic overlord. He will use the resources of the cosmic overlord army to improve himself..”