Chapter 1696 - Chapter 1696: Accelerated Era (2)

Chapter 1696: Accelerated Era (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

In the prayer, the gem cat carefully observed its source of transcendence. Shi Yu and the others stared at the gem cat for about a day. A day later, the gem cat opened its eyes again and panted.

“If I say yes, but increasing a trace of quality requires a huge amount of physical strength and terrifying time, will you… squeeze me dry?” She raised her head and asked carefully.

Shi Yu’s eyes were green. Seeing Shi Yu t s gaze, the gem cat’s heart skipped a beat.

“It can really increase???”

The gem cat said, “That seems to be the case, but it’s very difficult. Although I don’t know the quality of the transcendence source born naturally in the universe, I feel that if I work hard and pray for ten thousand years, there might be hope of raising the quality of my current source of transcendence to a level.’

“Ten thousand years?” Shi Yu’s teeth hurt. If they had the time, wouldn’t it be better for them to wait for the universe to condense?

“This is still a wish that you don’t eat or drink. If you touch the fish and rest, you won’t be able to fight for hundreds of thousands of years.” The gem cat shrugged.

“So in the end, you’re still too weak.” The owl that had been watching for the whole day couldn’t help but say, “If you’re at the peak of the super divine level, you might be able to do it soon.”

“So troublesome!” Shi Yu said. Peak super divine level was too difficult. At the moment, there were only four active peak super divine level under the cosmic overlord. This level already belonged to the level of Goddess Wa.

“Damn it, it’s clearly not long,” the gem cat said angrily. “We’re too young, so we think this time is long. As long as we don’t court death, it’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens for the super divine to naturally die of old age. How can there be such a good thing if we spend some time to increase the quality of the source of transcendence?”

“You have to know that the super divines of the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin have been in seclusion for hundreds of thousands of years and haven’t even improved by one level. I’m already very powerful!”

Shi Yu looked at the two cats that were more than a hundred years old in this lifetime and said, “That’s true, but it’s still too long. Forget it, I’ll think of a way in the future. Teacher Ying, try again if you can accelerate the speed at which the universe naturally condenses the source of transcendence through prayer.”

“Alright, I’ll give it a try,” the gem cat said.

“Under normal circumstances, the condensation of the source of transcendence in the universe will be 20,000 years later. I wonder how much faster you can increase your speed…” Shi Yu looked at her and said.

“It’s definitely a little difficult for her to do it alone. It’ll end two years in advance. I said that the two of us still have to reach the super divine level and work together to have a high chance of reaching 20,000 years in advance…” the owl said.

“l heard your plan on Blue Planet.” The gem cat had reason to suspect that the owl was envious of its rapid leveling up.

With that said, the gem cat entered the state of prayer again and tried to accelerate the universe…

This attempt shocked the gem cat.

It was as if it wanted to reach out and push a difficult car, but this car wasn’t as slow as it imagined…

The car was unexpectedly fast!

Under the overlapping of the power of prayer and the unknown power, the gem cat saw six pairs of eyes in the dark world of prayer.

These six pairs of eyes were incomparably terrifying. The pressure they brought directly reminded the gem cat of the power of a cosmic overlord. As the gem cat joined this space, a pair of moon eyes looked at the gem cat.

Then, another dark and deep eye looked at her.

“A total of six cosmic levels!!”

In an instant, the gem cat exploded, as if it had entered a thief’s den. It was panicked to the extreme. Before it could react, it exited the state of prayer in shock. It was almost scared to death. Even after unknowingly leaving, it was still covered in sweat.

“What’s wrong?” The gem cat’s shock shocked Shi Yu and the others. They immediately looked at the gem cat.

At this moment, the gem cat looked like it was about to cry. “Somethings wrong, somethings wrong.”

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu said. “What happened?”

“Are you alright?” The owl also saw the panic in the cat’s eyes and immediately asked.

“l originally wanted to accelerate the speed at which the universe condenses the source of transcendence, but I realized that there are others doing this now.”

“That guy is extremely terrifying, and his strength is terrifying to the extreme.

He gives me the feeling.. that he’s like a cosmic overlord!”

“Apart from that, there are five pairs of equally terrifying eyes, as if they’re staring at it.”

At this moment, the gem cat was like a little cat that had infiltrated the tiger group. It trembled and felt a lingering fear.

“What did you say…”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned and found it unbelievable.

“Wait a minute, six pairs of eyes, similar to the power of a cosmic overlord…

Someone is also accelerating the universe… changing the laws of the

universe…”

“Teacher Owl, didn’t you say previously that apart from borrowing the power of the Star Prayer Race and the Astrologer Race, the other people with the ability to accelerate the universe are the five major cosmic levels?”

“Yes, if it’s a cosmic level attack, it can limit the time it takes for the natural condensation of the source of transcendence in the universe. It might be very difficult for us, but it shouldn’t be difficult for them to do…

“In other words, what Teacher Ying sensed is really other cosmic levels?”

“Six… Apart from the four cosmic emperors and the cosmic overlord, is the other one the sixth cosmic life form that escaped from prison?”

“l don’t know,” the gem cat said. “Tell me… what exactly is going on.”

“F*ck, I sensed that I seemed to have been watched by two people. Tell me, will I be fine?” The gem cat was nervous..