Chapter 1691 - Chapter 1691: Land Of Sleep (1)

Chapter 1691: Land of Sleep (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Alright, do you still have any questions?”

At this moment, the cosmic overlord spoke after a short moment of joy.

“No.” Shi Yu said honestly.

The questions were endless, and he was already satisfied.

He was afraid that if he asked too many questions, this cosmic overlord would get impatient.

This trip to the overlord territory… could be considered to have ended perfectly.

A moment later.

A black hole slowly appeared in the starry sky outside Origin Planet.

Where Shi Yu came from, he finally returned to.

After leaving the territory of the cosmic overlord, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief.

The pressure was too strong. Although they had previously said that they wanted to defeat a cosmic overlord, in fact, they still had a long way to go.

When Shi Yu returned, the crowd in the starry sky had yet to disperse.

For example, the Zi Jian’s special forces had already flown out of the Origin Planet and had been waiting for Shi Yu’s return.

After Shi Yu returned, he was immediately observed by various parties.

“Shi Yu!” On a battleship, Captain Zi Jian was delighted.

He actually returned alive!

This was because Shi Yu kept giving her the illusion that he would anger the cosmic overlord.

Fortunately, it was just an illusion. Shi Yu looked like he knew his stuff.

“Shi Yu is back!” At this moment, the gem cat girl, the owl girl, and the others were all waiting on the battleship of Zi Jian’s special forces. When they saw Shi Yu return, they were pleasantly surprised.

Shi Yu looked around and was the first to fly in the direction of Zi Jian’s special forces’s battleship.

A moment later, he landed on the battleship.

“Have you seen the cosmic overlord?” Zi Jian immediately asked.

“Sort of, but I didn’t see the other party with my own eyes. The pressure is too strong, and I can’t look up.”

“Ah, what a pity.” Not only Zi Jian, but even Jermon, who had appeared out of nowhere, exclaimed in regret.

“Damn it, I have no hope in my life.” Jermon was pained. After seeing the difficulty of the Glory Challenge, it felt that it would never see its idol in its life.

“Why are you like my cat?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

“Ah. the cat?” Jermon looked at the harmless and beautiful cat girl.

Gem Cat:

Get lost, he was talking about Shorty!

The gem cat felt that it should release its aura.

A little black bull could even be rude to it. This bull was too detestable. A super divine couldn’t be humiliated!

“Tsk tsk.” The owl girl shook its head. This was the first time it had seen such a miserable super divine.

However, this was also related to the cat’s restrained aura being very perfect…

As expected of a cat. Its skill proficiency in hiding its aura, escaping, and lazing around was not low.

“Speaking of which, you and the cosmic overlord..” Zi Jian wanted to know what they were talking about.

Her gossipy soul burned fiercely. Archeologists were extremely curious creatures.

“It’s nothing. The greatest gain is that I successfully obtained the reward of the cosmic overlord and successfully asked for the four Wish Stars in the overlord treasure vault.’

“Sure!!!” The gem cat’s eyes flashed. Shi Yu covered his eyes and felt that the brightness had even exceeded the previous shadow of the cosmic overlord’s will, exceeded the light of the tribulation lightning, and almost blinded the entire universe.

“Re-really?” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Captain Zi Jian also exclaimed.

Then, he revealed an envious expression and said, “You’re really lucky.”

“The cosmic overlord said that after I return, I can just find anyone to ask for it…”

“Just find anyone… Don’t you have a written order?” Zi Jian said. “Those who can go to the overlord’s treasure vault to take things have to be at least the higher-ups of the army at the level of the eight kings.”

“Well, I can ask Lord King Lie.”

Probably no one dared to lie about this kind of thing, so it didn’t seem to be a big problem to ask for it directly.

“I’ll help you tell Lord King Lie,” Zi Jian said.

“Thank you,” Shi Yu said. “Thank you for the recommendation. Sorry to trouble you during this period of time.”

Protection-type archeological skills, recommended by the Glory Challenge, and even learning the materials of the Chaos Thunder Body. She was simply a huge help.

Of course, Shi Yu had also paid the price. He just needed a huge amount of stinky fruits as a reward.

“No, you’re from our Zi Jian’s special forces. You’re being too polite!” Captain Zi Jian revealed her canine teeth and said very happily.

“By the way, you don’t look very good. Let’s go to Origin Planet to rest first,” she said.

After experiencing the Glory Challenge consecutively, breaking through the tribulation, and meeting a cosmic overlord, it would be strange if Shi Yu’s condition was good.

“Well…” Upon hearing Captain Zi Jian’s words, Shi Yu also nodded and felt tired. Not only him, but the pets in the Beast Taming Space were also tense. Shi Yu felt that everyone could sleep for a few days and nights.

In fact, this was considered a small number. It wasn’t a problem to let go and sleep for a few years.

“I indeed need to rest…

On Origin Planet, after Shi Yu and the others returned, they entered a recuperating state.

Shi Yu and the others needed to rest, while the gem cat was still very excited as it waited for the arrival of the Wish Star.

On King Lie’s side, the speed at which he took the Wish Star was also very fast. Soon, the four Wish Stars representing the final inheritance of the Star Prayer

Race arrived in the hands of Shi Yu t s secretary, the gem cat girl, through King Lie and Zi Jian.

At this moment, the news of Shi Yu passing the Glory Challenge had almost spread throughout the overlord territory.

The entire cosmic overlord army knew that a super monster had appeared in the army and completed the magnificent feat of an era miracle. With the realm of the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level, it completed the Glory Challenge and saw the cosmic overlord.

And the protagonist who had completed all of this had just woken up..