Chapter 1695 - Chapter 1695: Accelerated Era (1)

Chapter 1695: Accelerated Era (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

A few days later, the silver-white battleship set off from the Origin Planet.

After replenishing the Origin Planet, Shi Yu decided to return to the Cosmic Sea.

Only Shi Yu and the others returned this time. Jermon temporarily stayed in the overlord territory with the Zi Jian’s special forces.

Ling estimated that this return trip would take at least eight months to reach the Cosmic Sea.

This was the shortest time. As Shi Yu and the others still planned to take a look at the Land of Sleep on the way, the exact time was still uncertain.

As soon as they set off, Shi Yu began to sleep to cultivate protective archeological skills.

He hoped that he could enter the sect during the process of returning so that he could crack the Chi You Ruins.

Some of the other pets chose to sleep, while others chose to train in the training room in the battleship.

Apart from that, there was also the gem cat. It had cultivated hard for a long time.

“One…”

“Two…”

“Three…

In the nine-colored room that could collect starlight, the gem cat girl in a magic robe sat cross-legged on a star stone and tried her best to fuse with the Wish Star.

From the looks of it, the ones who obtained the greatest gains from this trip to the overlord territory weren’t Ling and Eleven, who had broken through to the epoch god, nor was it Shi Yu, who had obtained protective archeological skills. Instead, it was the gem cat that had obtained the inheritance of the remaining Wish Star.

During the fusion and refinement process of the wishing star, the gem cat, which was originally the weakest super divine, kept strengthening in its body, and its source of transcendence was even more dazzling.

When she fused and refined the fifth Wish Star inheritance, her source of transcendence seemed to have reached a limit. The power of the super divine overlapped into a phantom, and the phantom materialized into a new source of transcendence.

In her body, the two sources of transcendence spun and wrapped around each other, indicating that she had already broken through to the second realm. These Wish Star inheritances were simply better breakthrough materials for the Star Prayer Race than the fake source of transcendence.

“Three… four…

“l hope I can reach transcendent 3 myself.”

During the fusion process of the gem cat, it kept making wishes and began to fuse the sixth and seventh Wish Stars. The Star Prayer Race threw out seven Wish Stars. In essence, it hoped that there were seven lives compatible with the Star Prayer Race who could each fuse the Wish Stars and let the Star Prayer Race spread in the entire universe. This way, it wouldn’t be easy to be wiped out at once.

However, the Star Prayer Race didn’t expect that the seven Wish Stars were all gathered and fused by a lucky person first. During this process, the gem cat seemed to be evolving towards the king of the Star Prayer Race.

After a long time, after integrating all the power of the Star Prayer Race, its level instantly reached the peak of transcendent 2, only a step away from transcendent 3.

At this moment, although the fusion had ended, in order to reach a higher realm, the gem cat’s cultivation had yet to end. It kept mobilizing the power of starlight to transform into power of faith to help it break through this bottleneck.

After an unknown period of time, the two source of transcendence phantoms gradually replicated into three portions. The three portions of the source of transcendence circled around the gem cat’s body like the sun, making it open her sun gem-like eyes.

“Hahahahaha.” At this point, the gem cat couldn’t help but laugh. When the Star Prayer Race was developing pretty well, there might not necessarily be any experts who exceeded transcendent 3, right?

Its current strength could definitely be ranked among the top in the history of the Star Prayer Race.

However, the gem cat understood that the pressure on it was even greater. It couldn’t let anyone kill it. Otherwise, even if the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race was completely broken, it would be a sinner of the Star Prayer Race.

“Shi Yu!! Look at my level.” After the gem cat broke through, it couldn’t wait to run out to share it with Shi Yu and the others. Then, it saw Shi Yu and the others, who seemed to have been waiting for her for a long time.

“Wu wu wu…” In the room, the owl girl covered her mouth with a handkerchief and let out an envious gaze.

Damn it, this cat was really too lucky. It only used a few years to reach an achievement that countless geniuses on World King Planet couldn’t achieve even after millions of years.

“Transcendent 3,” Shi Yu said. “l already know. When you broke through, we sensed that you were charging at the realm. It was Ling and the others who helped you block the aura. Otherwise, the commotion of your breakthrough would definitely alarm the surrounding galaxies.”

“However, it took you a little long. You promised to complete the fusion in a month. It’s been four months.’

“Did I use it for so long…” The gem cat recovered and said, “It can’t be helped.

It was already very fast when it was stuck at the end.” Shi Yu looked at her eagerly and said, “So, so?”

“What so?”

“So can you increase the quality of the source of transcendence now?” Shi Yu said.

Compared to the level of the gem cat, this was the most worth paying attention to. Even if the gem cat exceeded transcendent 4 and 5, Shi Yu estimated that in battle, there weren’t many places where it could be used.

On the contrary, increasing the functionality of the source of transcendence was very useful.

The only time the gem cat could protect Shi Yu and fly with him was probably when Shi Yu was still in university…

“Now that you mention it…” The gem cat was stunned before meditating.

Soon, a spectacular scene appeared in the star field where the battleship was. Countless starlight swam in the silent and dark universe like fireflies. Soon, an ocean of light appeared in the empty universe, making this area seem to have gathered countless stars. It was very dazzling..