Chapter 1694 - Chapter 1694: Land Of Sleep (4)

Chapter 1694: Land of Sleep (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“It can be called.. the second overlord in the cosmic overlord army.”

“Of course, just like the Glory Challenge, it’s been a long time since such a person appeared.”

“The reason why the cosmic overlord created such rules is probably because it’s too boring and invincible for too long. It longs for an opponent that’s evenly matched with it, and it doesn’t even hesitate to nurture it personally.” Shi Yu:

“Of course, these are still far from you. However, you do have this aptitude.” King Lie smiled and said, “Just do as I said previously, step by step.” “You can think about it first. Next, I recommend a place for you to go.”

“That place can definitely let you take another step forward.” “Where to??” Shi Yu was surprised.

“Don’t worry, it won’t delay your return to the Cosmic Sea.”

King Lie seemed to know that Shi Yu would return to the Cosmic Sea in the near future. “Have you heard of the Land of Sleep?”

Shi Yu shook his head.

“Then you should have heard that many epoch gods and even human Beast Tamers who broke through the limit of the divine level have sealed themselves in order to delay their lifespans and dodge the lightning tribulation, right?”

“I’ve heard of this.’

However, with Shi Yu’s configuration, he could already say to other dodgers,

“This thing can also kill people? Is there a need to dodge?”

“The sleeping place is the sleeping place of a group of epoch gods. They are all a group of monsters accumulated in the overlord territory for countless years. ”

“The epoch god sleeping here has a characteristic, which is that it’s willing to contract humans.’

“But the premise is to obtain their recognition.”

“Your divine contract should be to increase the number of contracts, not reduce the number of contracts, right? The reason why I recommended you to go here is because if you can obtain the recognition of two to three epoch gods and complete the contract with them, you might be able to break through to the 14th heavenly layer that no one has reached yet.”

“You have to know that not everyone is qualified to go to the sleeping place. Compared to Ting Yu, the guys sleeping here are one of the deeper foundations of the cosmic overlord army,” King Lie said. “You should still be able to contract new pets, right?”

Shi Yu could tell that King Lie really wanted the cosmic overlord to regain his interest in the human race and let the cosmic overlord support the human race.

This was already sending the epoch god pet to him.

“It sounds a little interesting,” Shi Yu said.

It wasn’t that he was very obsessed with contracting a new epoch god, but he felt that fighting an epoch god should also be able to train the will of Buggy,

Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong.

The epoch god was no different from a super divine level.

Moreover, fighting at the same level could stimulate the battle passion of pets.

Apart from that, as the most impressive and awesome group of divine-levels in the overlord territory, their skill bars should be very abnormal. He could casually replicate a few and strengthen the entire team.

Of course, if there was really an epoch god whose race was extremely rare, similar to the Star Prayer Race, and if the two parties had an affinity and were very compatible, Shi Yu didn’t mind contracting one.

“Of course.” King Lie laughed and said, “Don’t worry, you’ll be satisfied there. You can see all kinds of monsters there. You might be able to see Space Worms at the epoch god level, Yun Race at the epoch god level, and even cosmic behemoths at the epoch god level.”

“They’re all monsters recruited by the cosmic overlord army from various places in the universe. Of course…”

“I’m very confident in your strength, but whether you can find a suitable new partner doesn’t depend entirely on strength. The sleeping place is on your way back to the Cosmic Sea. It’s on the way. If you’re interested, go take a look.”

“If you can obtain a suitable new partner, the possibility of you creating a new miracle will also be higher. This opportunity is rare. I’ll use the privilege of my identity as the eight kings to send you over. Although you’ve just joined the cosmic overlord army, the other higher-ups shouldn’t say much just because you’ve seen the cosmic overlord.”

“l strongly suggest that you… think of a way to contract a cosmic beast.

They’re known as the number one race in the universe, and their feedback to Beast Tamers is incomparably huge. There… is more than one monster abducted from the Behemoth Empire.”

Little Zi: “?”