Chapter 1690 - Chapter 1690: Cosmic Overlord Cypos (3)

Chapter 1690: Cosmic Overlord Cypos (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yes,” Shi Yu said.

“In that case, tell me your goal. Whether she asked you to come or you wanted to come, there’s no need to tell me the reason. 1 don’t want to know.” After the novelty, it spoke with a lazy aura, as if it wasn’t interested in anything.

Or rather, the name Goddess Wa couldn’t interest it much.

“Lord cosmic overlord, I heard that the ‘collector’ once gave you four Wish Stars as a gift on your birthday. Then, you collected them in the overlord’s treasure vault. I want those four Wish Stars.’

“l see. When you go back, just find someone and ask him to get it.” “Is there anything else? If not, go back to where you came from.”

Ah, this…

Shi Yu didn’t expect that even if he mentioned Goddess Wa, it would only make the other party fall into deep thought for a moment.

Why did this supreme existence look like it wasn’t interested in anything?

However, since the other party asked if there was anything else, Shi Yu was naturally unsatisfied with just the Wish Stars.

Shi Yu took a deep breath and said, “Actually, I still have two questions. I want to ask…

“Then ask quickly. Seeing that you’re her junior.”

“Lord cosmic overlord, I want to know the way to break through to the cosmic level.’

“As expected, it’s this boring question,” the cosmic overlord said and yawned.

“Let me tell you the simplest method, which is to fuse with the source of transcendence that is naturally born in the universe every 100,000 years. With your aptitude, after fusing with that, you will naturally grow. It’s very likely that you will find your own path to the universe in the future.”

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. That was indeed the case. This rumor didn’t seem to be false.

However, the cosmic overlord didn’t seem to have any other reaction to his desire to break through to the cosmic level.

This made Shi Yu involuntarily want to ask another question.

“Thank you, lord cosmic overlord… 1… have one last question.”

“I’m also an archeologist. I’ve heard that there’s a sixth cosmic life form in the universe, but I’ve asked many people and searched for a lot of information, but there’s no information about it…

“l want to ask if this cosmic level really exists?”

After Shi Yu finished asking this question, the cosmic overlord seemed to be interested again and laughed. “Finally, an interesting question.”

“You’re asking at the right time.”

“This might be one of the few pleasures that suddenly appear after this universe has been boring for so long.”

“The sixth cosmic life form does exist, but for some unforgivable reason, it was jointly suppressed and sealed by me and the World King.”

“It’s imprisoned and sealed in the deepest part of the Cosmic Sea Prison.”

“Your question is very interesting, and it’s what I’ve been looking forward to the most recently.”

“Because this so-called sixth cosmic life form seemed to have successfully escaped from prison not long ago. Next, it might crazily take revenge on the World King and me. I really look forward to its arrival.”

The cosmic overlord was delighted. After being invincible for so long, it already felt bored by most things. The revival of its former enemy might be a rare and interesting little game.

What? However, when the cosmic overlord finished speaking, Shi Yu widened his eyes.

The sixth cosmic life form was actually still alive, and it was a criminal?

A criminal sealed and suppressed by a cosmic overlord and a world king?

Holy sh*t, could the crisis of the Cosmic Sea that Blue Planet, the owl, and the others sensed be referring to… the escape of the sixth cosmic life form?