Chapter 1692 - Chapter 1692: Land Of Sleep (2)

Chapter 1692: Land of Sleep (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

After waking up, Shi Yu dragged his still tired body and found the gem cat. At this moment, the gem cat was guarding the shining Wish Star and had yet to begin fusing.

“We’re here. Teacher Ying, how long is the estimated time?” Shi Yu rubbed his eyes and asked.

“In the past, refining was very time-consuming, but now, I’m already at the super divine level. In less than a month, I can refine these four Wish Stars,” the gem cat analyzed for a moment and said.

“A month…

“It shouldn’t be a problem to refine it during the return process, right?” Shi Yu said.

“We’re going back?”

“Yes, almost two years have passed since we came out. In addition, it will take a long time to return. I’m not very at ease with Blue Planet,” Shi Yu said.

Especially after learning from the cosmic overlord that the sixth cosmic life form escaped from prison.

Good heavens, when he returned, he had to suggest that Blue Planet transform into a hidden star. Everyone would hide for hundreds of years and wait for the World King and the cosmic overlord to finish that guy before coming out.

Otherwise, even if Blue Planet was at the edge of the Cosmic Sea, it might be affected by the cosmic battle.

“Alright!” The gem cat said indifferently, “l wonder how far my level can reach after fusing with these four Wish Stars. Transcendent 2 is inevitable, but I wonder if I can reach transcendent 3.”

“Hehe, when the time comes, my strength…”

“After fusing, let’s see if we can increase the quality of the source of transcendence first,” Shi Yu said. “Why are you always thinking about strength?”

Was that something he should be thinking about?

“l know, I know. After this, it’s time to start working hard and see if I can condense the source of transcendence in the universe in advance,” she said. “That’s right.” Shi Yu smiled and nodded. “Of course, it’s not very urgent.”

“l realized that constantly breaking through the limit of the divine level seems to be a path too.”

“Right now, only Eleven, Susu, and Ling have reached the epoch god level, but

I’m already at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level. What if Buggy, Baby

Ginseng, and Chi Tong also reach it?”

“The increase in battle power after breaking through the limit of the divine level isn’t bad. I feel that with my current strength, it shouldn’t be a problem to crush the super divine ancestors of the five major divine races on Blue Planet.’

“Therefore, if I can’t obtain the source of transcendence in the short term, I plan to continue like this first. No… Even if 1 can obtain the source of transcendence in the short term, I want to continue like this first.’

“It feels pretty good to increase my level to the 11th or 12th heavenly layer of the divine level, et cetera…

“At that time, the enemy on the other side will show ten sources of transcendence. I’ll show 20 heavenly layers. Let’s see who’s impressive…”

“Hey, hey, hey, you’re getting more and more ridiculous,” the gem cat said. “l heard from them that there are no records above the 13th heavenly layer. You still want 20?”

“Let’s give it a try,” Shi Yu said. “Even if it’s harder the further we go, we can definitely break through one or two more times.”

After all, there were still so many pets. Shi Yu didn’t believe that there weren’t even 15 heavenly layers.

“Hm?”

“Wait a minute, an honored guest is here,” Shi Yu said.

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he threw down the sighing gem cat and left the manor alone to the outside world.

In the sky outside, King Lie’s figure appeared and gradually landed. He looked at the manor in front of him with a complicated expression.

When they first saw Shi Yu, they didn’t see anything. Who would have thought that this Shi Yu could really see the cosmic overlord through the Glory Challenge?

With Shi Yu’s strength of 13 heavenly layers, he could already match a super divine expert who had exceeded 3. Shi Yu’s potential also belonged to the type with a high chance of reaching the peak of the super divine level.

Therefore, in the eyes of some experts, Shi Yu instantly became a target worth befriending.

Even King Lie, who was already of transcendent 8, treated Shi Yu as an expert of the same status and thought that he could invest in Shi Yu.

“Sir Shi Yu, sorry to disturb you,” King Lie said when he saw Shi Yu come out.

“Lord King Lie?” Shi Yu said. “What’s the matter?”

“l just have a premonition that Sir Shi Yu won’t stay on Origin Planet for long, so I specially came to visit before you left.” King Lie smiled.

“Senior King Lie, please come in,” Shi Yu said.

A moment later, the two of them sat at the stone table in the courtyard and drank tea and chatted.

“l wonder what Sir Shi Yu thinks of the current cosmic overlord army.”

“It’s a pretty good place,” Shi Yu said. “Although the reputation of the cosmic overlord army isn’t very good elsewhere in the universe, 1 still like this kind of organization with clear rules.”

“That’s right. In terms of benefits and treatment, the cosmic overlord army is definitely the best in the universe. Unfortunately, the status of humans in the army is on the decline.”

King Lie said, “In the current cosmic overlord army, no one is human among the generals of the four directions. Among the eight kings, only two are human. The power of humans has already fallen a lot compared to their previous glory days and has already fallen behind the Cosmic Sea.”

“A little girl like Ting Yu can’t be compared to the monsters in the past. As for you, you’re essentially also from the Cosmic Sea. However, as a human, I’m very gratified to see your rise.”

Shi Yu said, “Senior King Lie, you flatter me…”

“No, with your aptitude, if you can fuse with the source of transcendence, you should be able to become an expert at the ‘eight king level’ very quickly. At that time, the power of the human race in the cosmic overlord army can still be even stronger.”

“Do you know why humans have such a special status in the universe? Even the five cosmic-level experts take good care of humans?”