Chapter 1699 - Chapter 1699: Cursed Genius (1)

Chapter 1699: Cursed Genius (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Spirit Queen.”

Upon seeing this Ioli, Shi Yu t s heart skipped a beat as he shouted her name.

In the cosmic overlord army, the Spirit Queen, one of the eight king-level experts, was an expert above Level 7.

It was said that this Spirit Queen’s experience was very extraordinary. At the start, she was a human Beast Tamer.

Later on, she accidentally became an undead and cultivated all the way to her current strength.

This experience was very similar to the relationship between Mu Huiyin and Chi Tong… No, it was better to say that Chi Tong and the others’ experience was very similar to hers.

The current Spirit Queen was no longer considered a human, but she still treated herself as a human.

Her current responsibility was to protect the Land of Sleep. Or rather, she usually slept in the Land of Sleep herself.

There was a reason why so many epoch gods slept here. This star domain had a unique star vein that could effectively increase the quality of their sleep and bring many benefits. It was unique in the overlord territory.

Apart from the incomplete Spirit Queen, the cosmic overlord army only allowed some geniuses at the epoch god level to consume the power of the star vein here to sleep.

“You’re Shi Yu, whom King Lie mentioned, right? Unfortunately, you’re a little late,” the Spirit Queen said.

She already knew the purpose of Shi Yu and the others’ visit through King Lie.

Shi Yu came out of the battleship and stood in the starry sky to look at the purple-haired Ioli. He smiled bitterly and said, “Don’t tell me the epoch gods really woke up and left?”

“That’s right.” The Spirit Queen nodded and said, “Looks like you already know.”

“For some special reason, in the overlord territory… No, in the entire universe, be it the sleeping ancient epoch god or the human divine-level experts who broke through the limit of the divine level, they should have woken up.”

“Because of the special situation, I didn’t ask them to stay and leave just because you came. After all, I don’t know when you’ll arrive. However, I’ve preserved their information here. With this information, you might be able to find them. It can be considered my explanation to King Lie.”

In the eyes of the Spirit Queen, it was the same whether Shi Yu tried to subdue a new pet in the Land of Sleep or took the initiative to search.

“l understand,” Shi Yu said with a nod. After all, these epoch gods might be busy preparing for the cosmic battle. A new round of cosmic wars to compete for transcendent origins… was about to begin.

“However, is there no longer an epoch god left in the Land of Sleep?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but ask.

How could they have all left?

The Spirit Queen said, “That’s not it. There’s still a special guy left, but it might not necessarily meet your requirements.”

“Even if you’ve seen the cosmic overlord, you might not necessarily be able to subdue it.’

“There’s still one left?” Shi Yu was immediately a little touched when he heard this.

Previously, the situation was rushed. Even if he encountered the Blood Origin God, he didn’t have the time to pull it along as a sandbag sparring partner.

Moreover, the Blood Origin God was too weak.

At this moment, when he heard the Spirit Queen say that there was a special existence, Shi Yu immediately heaved a sigh of relief. He felt that at least it wouldn’t be useless to circle around.

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, the pets were also in a meeting.

Good lord!

There was still one+special individual+subduing difficulty…

Eleven and the others looked at each other. They felt that the buff was full.

It was clearly the rhythm of a new teammate joining the team.

It depended on how special this guy was and whether Shi Yu took a fancy to it.

In any case, at least, the level of the epoch god was definitely not weak. After coming to the team, its strength was definitely in the top five.

At that time… they didn’t know who would be squeezed out of the top six…

“Senior Spirit Queen, can you tell me in detail?”

“Alright.”

Seeing that Shi Yu was quite interested, the Spirit Queen introduced, “It’s called Bu Lu. It’s a cosmic behemoth.’

At this point, Shi Yu’s team instantly exploded.

The pets looked at Little Zi. What kind of luck was this?

A pile of epoch gods had left, and the only one left happened to be a cosmic behemoth.

Cosmic behemoths and planetary life forms could be said to be natural enemies… If a cosmic behemoth really came to the team, Little Zi and the other party would have some training.

Just like Susu and Duckie back then.

“Mi.” Little Zi’s expression was calm, as if it felt that it didn’t matter anymore. So be it if it was a cosmic behemoth. Sister Susu could nurture a powerful abyss life form, so why couldn’t it nurture a cosmic behemoth that listened to

Tigers even ate humans, but there were still Beast Tamers who tamed tigers and treated them as pets!

It, Little Zi, definitely could too!

“Little Zi, calm down. The other party is an epoch god.” Qi, who was holding Little Zi, said, “You’re only a perfect divine. You can’t defeat the other party.”

Little Zi: Hmm???

“Why do you say that the other party might not necessarily meet my requirements?” In the outside world, Shi Yu asked the Spirit Queen.

The Ioli Spirit Queen said, “As a Beast Tamer and a contracted pet, you must want to find suitable help and not a burden, right?” “Burden?” Shi Yu was surprised.

“To be able to reach the epoch god level, what burden…”

“The cosmic behemoth I’m talking about is a mutation of the Cosmic Behemoth Race. It has suffered the curse of the universe and its body is filled with misfortune. It can be said to be a jinx. According to statistics, it suffered a total of 196 cosmic disasters in 196 interstellar voyages.”

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly. Huh?

“There’s already no need to consider its previous race, but now, it’s more suitable to describe it as a disaster behemoth.’

“Only when it’s in a sleeping sealed state will its bad luck not bring misfortune. Even so, do you still think it’s suitable for you?”

“This… But why?” Shi Yu didn’t understand why such an individual existed. “According to the research results of the cosmic overlord army, its mother once entered an era ruin. Perhaps this is the foundation of its curse.”

The Spirit Queen said, “Even the most powerful scientists and archeologists in the cosmic overlord army can’t understand this strange curse on its body.”

“In 196 interstellar voyages, it suffered a total of 196 cosmic disasters… I want to know how it survived.’

The Spirit Queen said, “Originally, many people thought that it would definitely die because of this curse, but the truth is often very ridiculous. Its talent potential is unique, far exceeding the so-called nobles and even royal families in the Cosmic Behemoth Race.’

“It’s very suitable. Although it has encountered disasters many times, it can always avert disasters. Its learning ability is also very strong. It can learn new skills very quickly and absorb enough experience to resist disasters.”

“Just like that, it grew to the epoch god level under the circumstances where no one thought highly of it.”

“Whether it is unlucky or lucky… No one can say.”

[l don’t understand such a strange luck curse either.] Even Ling, the Master of

Luck, spoke.

“Perhaps for itself, it’s considered a combination of luck and misfortune, Although it encountered many unlucky things, at least it has tempered such strong strength in difficulties. But for the people around it, even if they don’t know it, as long as they get too close to it, they will suffer an undeserved disaster.’

“Therefore, it has been a lone traveler in the cosmic overlord army from the beginning to the end. If it weren’t for the fact that the luck curse on its body can’t affect people much stronger than it, I’m afraid the cosmic overlord army wouldn’t be able to tolerate it.’

“By the way, it has even participated in 11 battles to transcend the origin, but without exception, before it arrived at the main battlefield, it encountered an accident midway because of various disasters. It didn’t even see a shadow that transcended the origin.” Shi Yu:

“Over time, this guy Bu Lu…”

“What’s wrong with it?”

“It’s been smashed. It hasn’t participated in the competition to transcend the origin several times. It’s the same this time. The other epoch gods went to prepare, but it’s still sleeping.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

“There are also people who recommend it. Forget about fusing with an ordinary source of transcendence. However, it has already successfully killed four super divine-level experts on the battlefield, but not once has the source of transcendence appeared.”

“In addition, because they’re worried that after Bu Lu upgrades to super divine, not only will the curse not improve, but it will also become stronger. The cosmic overlord army doesn’t dare to take the initiative to distribute it to the source of transcendence. If this curse physique reaches the super divine level, I’m afraid it will bring an even greater disaster to the army.”

“At the moment, it might also be a relatively good choice to sleep. Perhaps when the army’s technology breaks through again, there will be a chance to study the strangeness on its body.”

“It sounds a pity,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s indeed a pity. Its strength can be said to be the strongest among this group of epoch gods. Its talent is also the strongest, but it’s only because of this physique that it restricts its life,” The Spirit Queen shook her head. “So, after hearing so much, you understand, right?”

“Although it yearns to have a partner and slept here, in fact, we don’t recommend anyone to be its partner. This is also for your own good.”

“Of course, there are also stubborn Beast Tamers. There have been people who have heard of Bu Lu’s deeds and think that they are the person it’s destined to be, but in fact, Bu Lu looks down on them, who are weak.’

“In the past, a Beast Tamer with the 12th heavenly layer of the divine level lost to Bu Lu.”

“Therefore, it’s completely difficult and unrewarding to contract it. If you want to contract the epoch god, you should choose other candidates. Apart from Bu Lu, there are also other cosmic beasts in the cosmic overlord army. Although there aren’t as many as in the Behemoth Empire, it’s enough for you to choose.’

“What do you think?” Shi Yu asked after some thought.

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Eleven and the others looked at each other with interested expressions.

“Wuuu!!”

Eleven and the others felt that this cosmic behemoth was very interesting. Eleven wanted to fight the other party and take a look, while Baby Ginseng wanted to see if it could develop a medicine to break the curse…

With Shi Yu’s deduction, there might be a chance!

“Interesting. I wonder if my Wind of Blessing can offset the disaster of its backlash against us.” Ling also felt that it was very interesting. If someone could tame this cosmic behemoth, it felt that it could only be Shi Yu. This was because Shi Yu had its blessing. Ordinary disasters couldn’t wrap around Shi Yu at all.

“It sounds… like it’s very difficult to deal with.” Qi pinched Little Zi and said, “However, the stranger it is, the more secrets it means. From the experience analysis of my archeological master, the curse on the other party isn’t simple.”

Qi’s thoughts were what Shi Yu liked the most. If the Spirit Queen purely said that a cosmic behemoth was the strongest here and that no one could tame its strength, Shi Yu wasn’t very interested.

However, if it was said that the other party had a cosmic curse suspected to have been obtained from entering the ruins of the era, it made Shi Yu, an archeologist, a little curious.

Under the gaze of the Spirit Queen, Shi Yu’s eyes became more and more determined.

The Spirit Queen: “?”

“Interesting,” Shi Yu said. “Can you give me a chance? I want to give it a try…”

“l want to try subduing this cosmic behemoth called Bu Lu. I’ve always been lucky. I also have a lot of experience cracking era ruins, and my strength is even heaven-defying. If I can’t, no one can..” Shi Yu smiled confidently and said, “Of course, I also want to test it…