Chapter 1700 - Chapter 1700: Space Behemoth Slaying (1)

Chapter 1700: Space Behemoth Slaying (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“After saying so much, it looks like it’s useless.” The Spirit Queen couldn’t help but shake her head when she saw that Shi Yu still insisted on seeing Bu Lu.

As expected, these geniuses were terrifyingly stubborn.

But that made sense. He could even pass the test of a cosmic overlord. It seemed normal to think that nothing could stump him.

“Forget it,” the Spirit Queen said. “You probably won’t give up until you see Bu

Lu.”

“In that case, I’ll awaken it. Then you guys can communicate yourselves.”

“No problem.” In the starry sky, Shi Yu smiled.

He hoped that he wasn’t digging a hole for himself!

He had heard so much about it from others, but it wasn’t as important as meeting it. This was because Shi Yu also had very high requirements for the appearance of his pet.

A moment later, Shi Yu followed the Spirit Queen and began to travel through the galaxy where the Land of Sleep was.

Soon, they arrived outside a yellow planet.

“These resource planets all belong to the Land of Sleep. On a planet I happened to pass by, an epoch god might have slept previously.” The Spirit Queen floated in the starry sky with Shi Yu following behind.

“And this Earth Star is the Land of Sleep. To be precise, it’s the key to its Land of Sleep.”

“Bu Lu!” With that said, the Spirit Queen shouted at this planet.

In the next moment, a sound wave-like soul wave quickly transmitted over and penetrated the entire star.

At the start, there were no changes, but soon, the entire starry sky began to tremble.

An extremely terrifying power wave began to spread in the universe.

Countless meteorites trembled crazily, and a small number of meteorites directly collapsed into pieces.

“As expected of the strongest epoch god here. Your strength isn’t bad,” Shi Yu said.

This power aura was more than five times that of the Blood Origin God he had encountered previously. It was definitely a monster close to the level of Susu, Ling, and Eleven.

If it were Little Ji, Duckie, and the others, they would probably only be crushed by this guy.

“Of course.” The Spirit Queen nodded. As soon as she finished speaking, a black crack appeared in the star space.

This crack kept expanding, and then another composite-colored star about the size of Earth Star appeared.

The outer layer of the star was yellow, and the inside was white and pitch-black. With a bang, the Earth Star seemed to have exploded, as if its outer skin had exploded, and it had also become a planet of similar color. No… To be precise, including the Earth Star, this wasn’t a star, but an eye.

It was the eye of the cosmic behemoth called Bu Lu.

First, two huge eyes appeared and opened. Then, in the torn cosmic hole, five fingers that were enough to pinch the hairy Earth Star slowly stretched out as if they wanted to grab something.

It seemed to have captured this world in another world.

“Roar! Accompanied by a sound like the tribulation lightning of the universe, space completely shattered. Bu Lu, who was sleeping in this hole of the starry sky universe, finally crawled out. Its body that was enough to pinch stars with a palm was finally displayed.

This was a creature similar to a huge ape and monkey. Every part of its body

was filled with rich reddish-brown hair and was extremely messy. Its long tail circled in the starry sky, and the feeling of power was so strong that it seemed like it could shatter stars with one tail.

After Bu Lu appeared, the entire starry sky seemed to have frozen, because it was really too huge. After all, although the Earth Star just now wasn’t big, its volume had at least exceeded the moon in the galaxy where Blue Planet was, and this was only Bu Lu’s eye.

If it weren’t for the fact that they were far enough away, Shi Yu and the others wouldn’t even be able to see the full appearance of the cosmic behemoth.

“This size is indeed a cosmic behemoth.” Shi Yu stood on a shattered meteorite and looked at the behemoth in the starry sky in front of him with a smile.

Not bad. Overall, he looked pretty good. He was filled with the violent and domineering aura of a wild beast. He was very handsome.

Fighting side by side was maxed out.

Although Eleven, Buggy, and the others had enlarged to the extreme and could also be called behemoths, they were still far inferior to the other party. For example, the height Eleven finally enlarged to was the length of the other party’s finger. They weren’t on the same level at all.

Although sometimes, large creatures might not necessarily be able to defeat small creatures, usually speaking, large creatures had strong battle power.

This rule was applicable in the natural world without transcendent creatures, and also in the cruel natural world of the starry sky.

“Eh, its body…”

At this moment, Beast Shi Yu’s source power gathered in Shi Yu’s eyes. Shi Yu activated the Passage of Time skill and observed the behemoth. He vaguely sensed an aura different from this era from it.

This aura was very similar to the aura of Beast Shi Yu. It felt like this cosmic behemoth was also left behind from the last era.

[Could it be that this is the reason why this behemoth was rejected by this era?]

Shi Yu guessed in his heart. Although he didn’t know how this behemoth was infected by this “curse”, it was indeed the same as the corpses of the era like

Beast Shi Yu. Of course, although there were traces of the last era on Beast Shi Yu and the others, they were all dead, so they wouldn’t be rejected by the will of the era universe.

However, this cosmic behemoth was a living creature. This variable seemed to be the key to its rejection.

“Bu Lu.” Under the shout of the Spirit Queen, the huge monster looked over and said, “What is it?”

“Don’t tell me it woke me up because the origin of the universe is about to condense again?”