Chapter 1806 - Chapter 1806: Super Divine Shi Yu (1)

Chapter 1806: Super Divine Shi Yu (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Blue Planet…

After the Super Lily Empress left, Shi Yu threw away all distracting thoughts again and planned to start refining the transcendent origin.

“How unfortunate.”

Before refining it, Shi Yu felt that it was a pity.

This was because be it Little Zi breaking through to super divine or Qi breaking through to the epoch god, although they brought a certain amount of feedback, they didn’t allow him to break through to the 19th heavenly layer.

After Little Zi broke through, Shi Yu felt that he was even closer to this universe.

It was far from the mutual rejection from before.

After Qi broke through, the feeling it gave Shi Yu was that his understanding of space and time was even more profound.

At this moment, he could even casually adjust the spatial flow in the Beast Taming Space.

Through this method, all pets dreamed for a hundred years.

“1. The power of space and time.”

“2. Perfect foundation.”

“3. Race Talent.”

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and touched the transcendent origin. With these time and spatial pets, his archeological talent, and his identity as a person who had transmigrated into space and time, he believed that the cultivation of the power of space and time wasn’t a problem for him.

A perfect foundation would also be given by the perfect transcendent origin condensed by the Super Lily Empress at this moment. At this moment, Shi Yu could be considered to have walked a path of the universe that rarely had a human Beast Tamer comparable to him.

Buzz!

Under Shi Yu’s touch, the transcendent origin began to emit a light that enveloped everything. Not only did it wrap around Shi Yu, but it also wrapped around Shi Yu’s pets.

The dazzling light seemed to have intertwined into a huge cocoon, transforming into a white universe that wanted to hatch Shi Yu and the others again.

During the refinement process, Shi Yu and his pets felt as if they had crawled back into their mother’s stomach. It was especially warm, the closest to the origin of the universe.

Here, Shi Yu felt that his 18 layers of space began to melt and replace it. A small universe began to nurture in his spiritual sea.

This small universe was like a star field. Many stars floated inside. The attributes of every star perfectly corresponded to the attributes of the pets.

Compared to the previous habitat environment, they seemed to be about to become the masters of the stars and could grow better here.

[This phenomenon.]

Shi Yu muttered in his heart. This was because according to his understanding, this wasn’t the change in the Beast Taming Space after the other super divines broke through.

Although no matter how many days he cultivated, the Beast Taming Space would melt and evolve into a small cosmic star domain, he had never heard of so many stars being born.

Under normal circumstances, ordinary Beast Tamers would only evolve a continent in this cosmic space. This vast starry sky continent would become a new habitat environment for pets. Apart from the Sun of Transcendence, there would be no other stars.

This Sun of Transcendence was also the power that Beast Tamers and pets were going to cultivate next.

However, this situation was broken for the first time by Shi Yu. Every pet of his, apart from Little Zi, had a star of their own. Shi Yu didn’t know if this was related to him, or if it was related to them all refining a Star Arms, or if it was related to Little Zi breaking through to super divine.

However, the experience transmitted by the pets made Shi Yu certain that this wasn’t a bad thing. The comfortable feeling of every pet being nurtured in the stars meant that these places were very beneficial to them.

[A real universe with stars is born in my body. This is something other Beast Tamers don’t have.]

[What’s the difference between my current situation and becoming the will of the universe? There’s the starry sky of the universe in my body, stars, and life on the stars.]

[Perhaps this is also a crucial premise to become the guardian of the universe. Only Beast Tamers with cosmic aptitude will have such a change.]

Shi Yu no longer felt conflicted and continued to refine the source of transcendence. As he refined it, after the changes in the Beast Taming Space, right on the heels of that were the changes in his Beast Taming Talent.

At this moment, Shi Yu actually felt that the coverage of telepathy would immediately envelop a galaxy. If it was between him and his pet, he could sense the other party’s state even from a star field. This was only the beginning. Everything was still slowly increasing.

Time Strengthening, Spatial Strengthening, Body Control, Fusion, Restoration… All these talents transcended qualitative changes at this moment, especially the moment his spatial talent broke through. Shi Yu felt that his entire body had been sublimated. He had a feeling that if he continued to increase, sooner or later, it would be the only feeling in the myriad worlds. Of course, this wasn’t enough to cause Shi Yu’s heart to tremble.

What he cared about was still the foundation of everything, the change in the skill index.

After breaking through to the divine level, his skill index had the ability to plunder the transcendent origin.

Although it didn’t seem very useful now, it at least ensured that no matter how many pets it contracted, they still had the source of transcendence. It was considered a function to assist in breaking through to the super divine level.

And after breaking through to the super divine level, would the skill index have the function to assist in breaking through to the cosmic level?

Or could it be said that after transcendent skills, could new points be activated?

In Shi Yu’s endless anticipation, he paid attention for a long time. However, it seemed that the upgrade of the skill index was much slower than the upgrade of other talents.

Wait for the refinement to be completed…

Shi Yu also knew that he couldn’t rush it. He could only continue to refine it in peace until a Sun of Transcendence floated in the bodies of Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, and every other life form.

At this moment, Shi Yu felt reborn. The star domain space was directly illuminated by the Sun of Transcendence.