Chapter 1808 - Chapter 1808: Super Divine Shi Yu (3)

Chapter 1808: Super Divine Shi Yu (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Perhaps, because of his existence, some transcendent races will become the protagonists of the next era.” Blue Planet’s Will stared at Blue Planet and sensed the evolution of some lives on Blue Planet. It looked forward to these transcendent races related to Shi Yu’s pets creating new legends ten or a hundred years later.

“Two months have passed. Has Shi Yu not completed the refinement?”

The changes on Blue Planet also made the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the others impatient to wait for Shi Yu to come out of seclusion.

At this moment, Shi Yu had no concept of time at all. He only knew that he and his pets were digesting the power of this source of transcendence with all their might.

At this moment, six suns of transcendent had already appeared behind Eleven, marking that it was already close to transcendent high-level. As soon as it broke through, it had already completed the foundation that countless super divines couldn’t accumulate for millions or tens of millions of years.

The situation on the other pets was similar. There were no less than five sources of transcendence on each pet. Thinking of the World King’s words, Shi Yu was silent. This was not just everyone being able to fuse with the source of transcendence. This was simply cheating. As expected of the strongest quality source of transcendence in the era.

Through the feedback of his pet, Shi Yu’s realm had also reached an extremely high level.

In his Beast Taming Star Domain, a total of nine Suns of Transcendence hung, indicating that his realm had already reached transcendent 9. He was only a step away from the peak of the super divine level.

At this moment, the refinement of the transcendent origin seemed to have calmed down. Shi Yu and the others’ realms no longer had an especially huge increase.

“There’s finally a change.”

A trace of joy flashed in Shi Yu’s eyes as he took out the skill index.

What made his balls hurt was that even now, the skill index still didn’t have the effect of increasing transcendent divine skills.

On the contrary, a new page was added, and something that looked like a message appeared.

Also, a new page was added, and something that looked like a star map appeared.

Shi Yu first looked at the message.

“Hello, after reincarnation, when you see this message, I believe your strength is already close to the peak of the universe.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“You might have a lot of questions, but that’s not important. The information I can transmit to you is limited. Next, I’ll explain two questions to you.”

“First, the origin of the index. It’s made by me and some people through cosmic treasures like the Universe Tree in your lost memories. Its existence should have given you a lot of convenience, but this is the end. It will be very difficult for it to give you new help on the path of the universe. You have to work hard yourself.”

“However, the index has another function, which is to help you find the remaining era ruins. Next, you can treat it as a ruins radar to find your own cosmic opportunities.”

“Second, the goal of transmigrating is actually something I don’t want either, but my aptitude is outstanding. I was chosen by some guys to be a savior and hope that I can become the holder of the universe. If you want to know more, you can search for an era ruin that requires five Blue Planet humans to open. There might be more gains over there.”

“That’s all. If you’ve already established more connections and really don’t want to take the risk of becoming the holder of the universe, it’s alright. Your own happiness is the most important. In any case, those people don’t have much hope. So be it if the contract is abandoned. Just treat it as a failure. Moreover, it’s not impossible for me to become the holder of the universe. Those guys still have another backup plan. Well, it’s related to the ruins I mentioned just now. They didn’t tell me what it is. You need to understand it yourself. That’s all. Heh.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

To be honest, when he saw this content, Shi Yu’s mood should have been shocked and complicated.

But at this moment, there was only calmness.

Firstly, he had long suspected the origin of the skill index. If at the start, he could still explain that this was his second accompanying talent, then after knowing that he came from the last era, he had reason to suspect that this skill index was a cheat left to him when he was strong in the last era to allow him to grow quickly.

“Something made by many cosmic treasures such as the Universe Tree of the previous era and the power of some other experts? No wonder it’s so abnormal,” Shi Yu said.

“However, I’m very satisfied that I can leave such a treasure for me, but I can’t continue to cheat and reach the cosmic level. I’m very unhappy… Forget it, at least I still have one last function.”

“In addition, my transmigration indeed has some mission. Is it also to become the holder of the universe? From the looks of it, some experts from the last era chose me. Why do I have to choose the holder of the universe from an era away…”

“Could it be that after becoming the holder of the universe, it can even revive the lives that died in the last era? It can even make the era that has already been destroyed appear again in a parallel universe?”

“This way, these experts can appear in this world again.”

“Those ancient era civilizations that have already walked into the tomb can also be reborn again.”

Shi Yu suddenly had a bold guess, but he felt that it was abnormally reasonable. After all, if it wasn’t to revive, who would spend so much effort to nurture a cosmic holder?

“Who are the experts I mentioned?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.