Chapter 1809 - Chapter 1809: Super Divine Shi Yu (4)

Chapter 1809: Super Divine Shi Yu (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Damn it, he was halfway through his sentence.

Moreover, the ruins he was talking about should be the ruins of the Earth Era that Goddess Wa also wanted to enter very much.

Goddess Wa felt that there was something in that ruin that attracted her very much, so she had a deep obsession with entering.

And now, in his previous life, he had also mentioned this ruin. It looked like there was really something impressive hidden in this ruin.

“It’s time to go out.”

At this moment, under Shi Yu’s perception, all his pets had already reached the extreme of the mid-stage super divine level, and he was even at the extreme of the high-stage super divine level. Now, Shi Yu felt that even compared to Goddess Wa, his strength might not be bad. With all his pets added together, it might not be strange for him to defeat Goddess Wa.

A single pet could also have the strength of a peak super divine under his strengthening, and it was a very strong peak super divine.

This time, it was completely invincible below the cosmic level.

With such strength, Shi Yu also knew that it was time to solve all his doubts and help his pets complete the final cultivation and find the path to the universe.

“Little ones, let’s go.”

“Wuu!!!” Eleven and the others answered one by one.

On Blue Planet, Shi Yu left the cultivation environment and flew above Blue Planet.

“Eh, not bad.” Just as he came out, Shi Yu sensed the change in Blue Planet and his eyes lit up.

No wonder the Blue Planet’s Will asked him to break through on his mother planet. He felt that Blue Planet’s current level was already close to the peak of the super divine level. It might also have the strength to transcend nine times.

This was also right. He… Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and so many other super divine creatures were all creatures of Blue Planet. If they all broke through on Blue Planet at the moment, the benefits Blue Planet obtained would definitely not be small. The feedback they obtained should be similar to his.

“I’m back!!!” After Shi Yu came out, his telepathy enveloped the entire Blue Planet.

His shout made the Blue Planet’s Will, Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, and the others who were waiting for him sigh.

It could be considered a successful breakthrough.

Although no one had come close to Blue Planet during this period of time to disturb Shi Yu’s breakthrough, they were still a little worried that Shi Yu had yet to successfully break through.

Now that Shi Yu had completed his breakthrough, the huge rock in everyone’s hearts finally fell.

Inatella.

Shi Yu stood in front of the Blue Planet’s Will. Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, and the others appeared one after another.

Apart from that, a special figure appeared here.

Seeing her, even Emperor Shi couldn’t help but bow slightly. On Blue Planet, Emperor Shi only needed to be extremely respectful to two people. One was Blue Planet’s Will. She was the mother planet that nurtured all creatures on Blue Planet. The other was Goddess Wa, the creator of the Blue Planet’s human race.

“Senior Wa, thank you for guarding me.” Shi Yu was also grateful to Goddess Wa for appearing.

“There’s no need to thank me,” Goddess Wa said. “I didn’t expect that your strength would already be close to the peak of the universe in such a short period of time.”

“That’s right, that’s right.” Lin Feng was envious.

“I also obtained a lot of benefits from Shi Yu’s breakthrough this time.” Blue Planet’s Will felt that super divine wasn’t Shi Yu’s end. If Shi Yu could break through to the cosmic level, it might also have a chance to break through to the cosmic level.

After all, even the World King Planet didn’t nurture or give birth to cosmic-level creatures.

“What do you think next?” the Space Emperor asked Shi Yu.

Not long ago, Shi Yu was still a newbie from a rural galaxy who had just entered the Floating Realm. Now, Shi Yu had already become a figure that could shake the universe with a casual shake. His actions and ideas would also trigger the change in the situation in the starry sky of the universe to a certain extent.

Shi Yu said, “Let’s not talk about anything else first. Of course, we have to explore the ruins of Earth that Goddess Wa mentioned as soon as possible.”

“Now, I, Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, and Senior Lin Feng are all super divine. We’re just short of one person to fulfill the conditions to open the ruins.”

Goddess Wa said, “I know. I already have other candidates. Since you’ve already broken through, next, I’ll bring those few people to specially train for a period of time. I hope a new super divine can be born among them as soon as possible.”

Blue Planet’s Will said, “Goddess Wa plans to personally bring Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, Lu Qingyi, Divine Source, and the others to train. Among them, choose the next super divine.”