Chapter 1805 - Chapter 1805: Goodbye, Empress (4)

Chapter 1805: Goodbye, Empress (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Through the cultivation system of the last era, you can use the fake source of transcendence and the real source of transcendence to strengthen your physical strength, mental strength, and soul power. In the situation after your breakthrough, no one should be able to support the resources needed to strengthen with the fake source of transcendence. In that case, I’ll help you transform these real sources of transcendence into strengthening resources that can be suitable to absorb.”

“Can you do it?” Shi Yu said. The super divine level of this era could only absorb one source of transcendence. He could absorb multiple sources of transcendence through the cultivation system of the last era?

“Yes, but it might be very difficult to do it with my strength alone. I still need to borrow the power of another cosmic level,” she said.

“Of course, it’s not the cosmic level itself. It’s fine as long as it’s the power derived from her.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu said.

The Super Empress said, “Lend me the cat girl from before. I need her power of prayer to optimize these transcendence sources, expel their impurities, and change their nature.”

“Teacher Ying?” Shi Yu was extremely surprised.

It actually… actually had to borrow the power of the star to modify the source of transcendence at the cosmic level.

“This is also a good thing for her. During this process, I’ll use some external forces to increase her strength. She only needs to withstand a certain amount of affliction to quickly increase her realm,” the Super Empress said.

“Finally…”

The Super Empress said, “Although I’ve helped you a lot, don’t be happy too early.”

“Even if you become a cosmic level, you’re far from reaching one-tenth of the conditions to contract the ‘universe’.”

“You have something more important to do.”

Shi Yu said, “I more or less know what it is.”

“It should be nurturing them.” Shi Yu looked at Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng beside him.

“With my own strength, even if I reach the cosmic level, whether I can defeat a cosmic emperor alone is another matter, let alone contract the universe.”

“However, if I nurture Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and these pets to the cosmic level…”

“They feedback their powerful strength to me. Then, I can be called the strongest cosmic level. From there, I have the qualifications to contract the will of the universe and can withstand the burden of contracting the universe.”

“Wuu!!!” As Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven and the others nodded crazily. They could leave everything to them.

“That’s right. Just becoming a cosmic Beast Tamer isn’t enough to reach the threshold of contracting the universe. If it were so easy to be the holder of the universe, the previous eras wouldn’t have been destroyed,” the empress said.

“Apart from that, even if you want to withstand my power and reach the cosmic level, apart from these resources, they have to at least have the power of a peak super divine.”

“Note that it’s not that you have the power of a peak super divine after strengthening yourself, but that you have the power to match a peak super divine with your own strength alone.”

“In other words, after I break through to the super divine level, I have to start searching for their cosmic path for every pet, right?” Shi Yu said.

“You can say that. Although you can also wait until you’re at the cosmic level before finding a cosmic path for them, that should be easier. However, if you’re willing to explore in advance, there’s no harm. After all, if you want to contract the universe, I conservatively estimate that you need to contract at least four cosmic levels.”

“And why is this Time Sprite still weaker than other pets?” At this moment, the Empress noticed Qi and felt that only Qi wasn’t the epoch god.

“What did you say? I’m not weak!” Initially, Qi was already troubled enough without participating in the battle for the source of transcendence. Now that she was stimulated by the Empress, she immediately couldn’t take it anymore.

“It’s useless. Let’s use it to make soup,” the Empress said.

“Ahhh, Shi Yu, look at her… Damn it, she only knows how to bully me. Sooner or later, you’ll transmigrate into space and time and ask for me.” Qi let out a pig-like scream again. She was determined to suddenly sublimate under the stimulation of the empress…

On the other side, the gem cat was still lamenting and thinking about how to sell the source of transcendence for Shi Yu. However, extreme joy turned into sorrow. Suddenly, she was grabbed out of Blue Planet by an invisible psychic hand with a frightened expression.

“Mother Blue Planet, save me!”

“Goddess Wa, save me!!!”

“Ahhh, who, who is it? Do you know who I am? I’m Shi Yu’s teacher! Shi Yu, save me!” The gem cat was attacked by the enemy and also let out a pig-like scream.

“Someone who can help you break through to the peak of the super divine level,” the unknown female voice said.

“Meow???” The gem cat was stunned. What, did she hear wrongly? There was such a good thing?