Chapter 1807 - Chapter 1807: Super Divine Shi Yu (2)

Chapter 1807: Super Divine Shi Yu (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

He had finally reached the traditional realm of “super divine” and “transcended once”.

Of course, for Shi Yu, the increase brought by this realm was almost several times that of others. After all, before he broke through, his main body already had battle power that exceeded the high-level. How could he become weaker the more he broke through?

The advancement was far from stopping.

However, the most obvious one wasn’t Shi Yu, but Eleven and the other pets.

“Wuu!!!” Standing on a metal-element star, Eleven felt its blood boil, as if a sun had exploded in its body. Vaguely, Eleven even felt millions of bloodlines of the same origin waiting to be fed.

Its bloodline directly resonated with these same bloodlines. Eleven was stunned and tried. Just such a subtle change made Blue Planet tremble violently.

To this day, the status of the Iron-eating Beasts on Blue Planet and Dong Huang was already extraordinary. Not only was it Dong Huang’s national treasure, but it was also Blue Planet’s star treasure. After continuous reproduction, their number had also grown from a few thousand in the entire Dong Huang to millions.

Ping Cheng, Bamboo Stone Dojo.

Although the owner of Bamboo Stone Dojo, “Bamboo Stone Legend Lin Hongnian”, had long had many higher positions and was even in charge of many Iron-eating Beast Army, he still didn’t give up on this small dojo and still cultivated the local Beast Tamers and Iron-eating Beasts in Ping Cheng.

Whenever he was free, he would return here to rest and see the changes in his hometown.

On the training ground, Lin Hongnian and an Iron-eating Beast stood at a high place. They looked at a group of young boys and girls and a group of little Iron-eating Beast cubs training arduously and couldn’t help but feel gratified.

However, in the next moment, an unexpected thing happened. On the training ground, the Awakening-level little Iron-eating Beasts were stunned on the spot. Then, they raised their heads and let out long cries, hitting the sky. The boiling of their blood stunned them.

What happened next made even Lin Hongnian, the Iron-eating Beast expert, widen his eyes.

Boom!!

Faint metal law ripples began to appear on the Iron-eating Beasts’ bodies, as if their divine bloodlines had awakened, and their auras increased greatly.

“Wuu!!” It wasn’t just them. Even the Iron-eating Beast beside Lin Hongnian sensed the resonance of their bloodline power, as if some supreme existence had given them favors.

“Why!” In Bamboo Stone Dojo, the apprentices were rather shocked to see the change in their pets.

This situation…

Lin Hongnian was certain that he had encountered it before. It was when Blue Planet advanced to a high-level planet. All the lives on Blue Planet had received blessings and improved their strength.

Then now…

The bloodline power of the Iron-eating Beasts boiled and suddenly increased. They even came into contact with the bloodline of a god. Could it be…

“Is it that kid?” Lin Hongnian suddenly raised his head and wanted to look at the starry sky. “Xiu Zhu, be more careful!!”

At this moment, all of Dong Huang and all the Iron-eating Beasts on Blue Planet received kindness because a super divine was born in their race. Their bloodline power was sublimated.

Such a change was enough to cause the entire country to tremble.

And this was only the beginning. An even more ridiculous scene even appeared on the Green Silkworm, Baby Ginseng, Water Slime, and a bunch of transcendent races.

Although it wasn’t as ridiculous as the Iron-eating Beasts, it was enough to shock Blue Planet, because their race number far exceeded the Iron-eating Beasts.

Be it Ping Cheng, Icefield, Ancient Capital, Divine Capital, Tingxiang, or the Seven Islands, the figures of the Green Silkworms were everywhere. At this moment, these Green Silkworms seemed to have obtained a super large-scale “Butterfly God Blessing”.

This miracle that had once been created by Lin Feng’s Butterfly God in Dong Huang was now happening to the Green Silkworms all over Blue Planet.

However, unlike the small fights like the Butterfly God, even if it was some poor villages that could only eat some ordinary plant leaves, the extremely weak Green Silkworm could still feel the power that was enough to change the level of their race, enough to support them to turn into cocoons and butterflies and become commander creatures.

In the blink of an eye, countless butterflies broke out of their cocoons and were born. Blue Planet entered an unprecedented butterfly mating era. Countless Green Silkworms were born, causing the number of Green Silkworms, which was originally one of the most numerous transcendent races, to increase again.

Of course, the most ridiculous thing still happened to the ginseng baby race.

As a supplement race, the status of the ginseng baby in nature was even lower than the Green Silkworm. The Green Silkworm at least had the ability to change its fate and evolve into an attack method. However, apart from Shi Yu’s ginseng baby, the other ginseng babies had always been supplement lives.

However, at this moment, every ginseng baby’s bloodline actually awakened for the second time under fear. An ordinary battle skill appeared in its mind.

Although this battle skill could be said to be a low-level skill, it was nothing compared to those powerful skills.

But for Baby Ginseng, who didn’t have any battle power, it was undoubtedly a new start.

Even if most ginseng babies still couldn’t escape the hunt of their natural enemies, there would always be some talented, hardworking, and unwilling ginseng babies who would rely on this battle skill inheritance to escape their fate of being food and become the next ginseng emperor.

Water Slimes that had obtained the cleansing skill… Duckbill Beasts that had awakened their knight spirit and could condense water into a cleansing sword… Many races obtained a new evolution path at this moment.