Chapter 1801 - Chapter 1801: The Seventh Cosmic Emperor (3)

Chapter 1801: The Seventh Cosmic Emperor (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Sensing the threat of death, the pupils of the ninth son of the Worm Queen constricted. It already had the intention to retreat. The ridiculous level of Shi Yu had already exceeded its imagination. It could already confirm that there was definitely a cosmic level behind this Shi Yu. Otherwise, it was impossible for this guy to be so ridiculously strong.

However, when it woke up, it was already too late. The Yin Yang Millstone that Little Zi used the power of the entire team as a prototype even obliterated space and time, preventing the ninth son of the Worm Queen from escaping through the power of space and time. It could only use its strength to try to resist this cosmic millstone.

However, with his strength, how could he resist a Yin Yang Millstone that had fused the power of the entire team? Especially at this moment, the black and white clueless colors circled in Shi Yu’s eyes. He even used the power of the previous era to display the power of Taiji with all his might. The power of the Yin Yang Millstone had already been strengthened to the extreme.

Shi Yu believed that even the black-robed empress back then definitely couldn’t easily block this move.

Moreover, these peak super divines were one level inferior to that Sun God General, let alone the black-robed empress.

“Ahhh!!!” Under the miserable cry of the ninth son of the Worm Queen, its traces of existence were quickly obliterated by the Yin Yang Millstone. At this moment, the surrounding super divines who appeared were just like their previous competitors, scared out of their wits. No one expected Shi Yu to be so terrifying. He could even destroy a peak super divine just like that.

Divine level? They directly regretted their actions deeply.

“Spare me, I’ll leave…”

“I surrender.”

“Don’t kill me.”

Shi Yu’s killing far didn’t stop. After the terrifying Yin Yang Millstone obliterated the worms at the peak of the super divine level, it instantly turned into countless halos and flew towards the various super divines who appeared. Under their shocked expressions, it attacked like a meat grinder.

In the light wheel, figures appeared. Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling…

Little Zi’s power projection possessed them, increasing their battle power again. At this moment, it began the final battle for Shi Yu.

“It’s too late,” Shi Yu said calmly. Under his voice, many super divines were obliterated into a blood mist and exploded in the starry sky. Eleven punched a cosmic behemoth to death. Buggy shattered a super divine worm with a dragon roar. Baby Ginseng’s fruit was like a star exploding and Devouring everything. Chi Tong’s Immortal Slaying Sword Formation trapped and killed countless strong enemies. There was even a battleship that wrapped the terrifying Starry Sky Storm and devoured over.

“Roar!!!” “Quack!!!” Even the pets of the clueless team slaughtered super divines like chickens at this moment. The scene was too beautiful, and blood dyed the starry sky.

Many spectators almost fainted when they saw this scene. Some young competitors even vomited out many filthy things because of the strong fear in their hearts. Their bodies collapsed.

Ting Yu of the cosmic overlord army recalled that she had wanted to challenge Shi Yu like this previously and fainted.

Not much time had passed at all. The hundred super divine experts who had appeared just now had all died in this starry sky. Almost one-tenth of the super divine experts had all died in this area because they wanted to interfere in the transcendent origin competition this time.

And the one who killed them was only a terrifying human young man who hadn’t even reached the super divine level, but had created countless miracles. For example, he was at the 18th heavenly layer of the divine level and contracted a super divine level above his level.

At this moment, the first batch of enemies had been killed. Shi Yu was tired, but his expression was still calm. To be honest, the entire team had already consumed a lot of energy. Fortunately, the power of the Sea of Stars had made up for some of the consumption and polluted many races. Otherwise, it would really be tiring. He didn’t know if another peak super divine would appear and if the second batch of super divines would appear. However, no matter what, they couldn’t retreat at this moment.

“Is there more?” Shi Yu stood in the starry sky. His pets also surrounded him and stared at the entire universe.

In the face of Shi Yu’s words, everyone fell silent. Even the gem cat, the prediction owl, Patriarch Tu Tu, and the others looked at Shi Yu on the Little Zi in silence.

The old observer, who had been watching the battle of transcendent origin as a joke, smiled for the first time in this battle. No, if a bitter smile counted, then he indeed smiled bitterly.

What a joke. With a divine-level talent, Shi Yu created a miracle that had never happened in countless eras. He killed hundreds of super divines in one go and destroyed nearly a tenth of the super divines in the universe. If one didn’t know better, they would think that some cosmic-level expert was bored and had killing intent.

No one dared to have the intention to fight for it.

Those geniuses of the same level would probably live in Shi Yu’s shadow for hundreds of millions of years. Countless super divines would probably tremble in fear of the battle for transcendent in the next hundreds of millions of years. After all, Shi Yu’s battle results were too terrifying.

The Ultimate Starry Sky Battlefield indeed had the right name.

“I was wrong. I wonder if it’s too late to add icing to the cake,” the observer muttered. He knew that this wasn’t the time when Shi Yu needed him the most. Shi Yu probably needed his help when he broke through. When he refined and broke through, he couldn’t be disturbed by the outside world. His battle power couldn’t be completely displayed. If he broke through on his mother planet, there would still be a second and third batch of enemies attacking. He had to have many guardians to ensure that his breakthrough wasn’t disturbed and that nothing went wrong.

In fact, this was also what Shi Yu was most worried about.

Therefore, he had to kill all the races in the Starry Sky Battlefield until they were afraid and afraid, making them not dare to covet him at all.

In fact, it proved that Shi Yu had done it. The entire starry sky was silent. In the beginning, the two peak super divine experts of the cosmic overlord army wanted to interfere. King Lie and the others originally coveted the source of transcendence, but when they saw Shi Yu’s performance, they fell silent. Considering that Shi Yu had come into contact with a cosmic overlord, it was very difficult for them not to associate Shi Yu with a cosmic overlord. They gave up competing.

“In that case, let’s all disperse.”

At this moment, Shi Yu indeed couldn’t feel much strong killing intent.

“My name is Shi Yu.”

“From today onwards, I’m a super divine.” Shi Yu waved his hand. Dozens of transcendence sources floated behind him, reflecting the starry sky. In the entire universe, countless gazes gathered. At this moment, even at the peak of the super divine level, they were convinced by a freak like Shi Yu. They were extremely shocked by Shi Yu’s talent and strength.

Many factions looked at the dozens of sources of transcendence behind Shi Yu, and their eyes were about to pop out. Who would have thought that one day, a divine-level heavenly god could hunt hundreds of super divines? Even the monster from the World King Planet who had hunted several super divines at the epoch divine level and was already at the peak of the super divine level didn’t seem to be much compared to Shi Yu.

“Ha, hahaha.” At this moment, seeing that indeed no one dared to stand out, the observer old man forcefully made himself laugh, and his laughter resounded through the starry sky.

“The sixth, no, the seventh cosmic emperor is about to be born!”