Chapter 1804 - Chapter 1804: Goodbye, Empress (3)

Chapter 1804: Goodbye, Empress (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Goddess Wa, you’re out of seclusion.” At this moment, in the starry sky, Shi Yu was very happy.

Great!

Although he didn’t know what was going on, Goddess Wa had awakened and had the source of transcendence. He was also about to become a super divine. Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, and he were still short of one to gather the key to open the ruins of the Earth Era.

Goddess Wa looked at Shi Yu. Everything was obvious.

She was originally not suitable to come out of seclusion now. There would still be risks, but…

Thinking of the mysterious cosmic level who passed by her Land of Sleep and helped her relieve her injuries, Goddess Wa understood that everything in front of her should be the other party’s masterpiece.

Not only was the birth of this source of transcendence the other party’s masterpiece, but her goal of healing some of her cosmic injuries was also because the other party hoped that she would protect Shi Yu to break through.

As for why the other party didn’t come himself even though he was clearly so strong, Goddess Wa didn’t understand.

“In short, thank you, Goddess Wa,” Shi Yu said.

“Let’s break through first. We’ll talk about the rest after the breakthrough is completed,” Goddess Wa said.

At this moment, the entire starry sky knew that unless a cosmic level attacked, it was impossible for anyone to restrict Shi Yu from breaking through.

Next, with Goddess Wa’s Guardian, Shi Yu returned to Blue Planet’s Will and the others to prepare to refine and break through.

This kind of thing couldn’t be delayed. The longer it dragged on, the easier it was for something to happen. If it went smoothly, it wouldn’t be long.

Therefore, after Shi Yu descended to Blue Planet and explained to everyone, he quickly immersed himself in the breakthrough environment specially created by Blue Planet’s Will for Shi Yu. He took out the transcendent origin and prepared to fuse.

“Wuu!!!”

Shi Yu’s pets looked at this dazzling transcendent origin with anticipation and felt its deep temptation.

This was an opportunity for one person to break through and the entire team to ascend to the sky!

He wondered how far this transcendent origin could raise Shi Yu to and how far it could raise them.

“Then I’ll start.”

However, just as Shi Yu was about to refine and fuse, something unexpected happened.

The space and time of the entire Blue Planet seemed to have stopped. Apart from Shi Yu and his pets, Shi Yu instantly felt that the surrounding grass, trees, rocks, and dust had lost their breath and stopped being washed away by time.

This…

Shi Yu’s expression changed. Not many people could do such a thing. Emperor Shi, Blue Planet’s Will, and Goddess Wa might be able to, but it was impossible for them to mess around at this moment.

“We meet again.”

Then, as a human figure clone appeared, Shi Yu’s entire team fell silent. Qi felt like it was facing a great enemy.

As expected…

“Super Empress, no, are you the Super Empress or Lily?”

Ling looked at the noble woman in front of it in a black empress suit who retained the appearance of the Super Empress, but her hair had turned white like a lily. Her expression was solemn.

Although Ling knew that the empress might have changed some of her thoughts, the priority of the consciousness in the empress’s body was still very important.

At this moment, the Super Empress’s red eyes looked at Shi Yu quietly and said, “This isn’t important. The Empress is me, and Lily is also me. We’re originally one. We’re just fusing again.”

“Then how should I address you now?” Shi Yu said.

“Up to you,” she said.

“Super Lily Empress,” Shi Yu said.

The other party was silent.

“Just call me Empress,” the Super Empress added in silence.

Ling was also sweating crazily at the side. Did fusion mean this?

Its body had fused. It had fused even if it was no longer called Lily! As expected, its Beast Tamer’s naming was still lousy. It really didn’t forget its original intention.

“No matter what, thank you for transcendent origin,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll work hard to become a cosmic Beast Tamer and then become the eternal cosmic holder. I’ll contract the entire universe and help you, no, help us transmigrate back to the last era.”

“I hope so,” the Super Empress said.

“Well… Wait a minute!” At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly realized in shock that his original pet contract had returned as the Super Empress appeared beside him.

Although this contract was extremely dim, and he couldn’t feel any connection to the Super Empress through the contract, it didn’t break or disappear. Previously, it had only disappeared in a special way. Now, it was still in his spiritual sea. At this moment, Shi Yu was shocked. What was going on?

“Why? Our contract is still there,” Shi Yu asked.

The Super Empress looked at Shi Yu and said, “Isn’t this good? Or do you think that apart from me, you still have hope of signing a contract with other cosmic levels and letting them help you break through to the cosmic level?”

Shi Yu said, “You mean that when I reach the peak of the super divine level, you’ll help me break through to the cosmic level?”

The Super Empress said, “Ordinary peak super divines aren’t enough. You have to at least reach ten times the strength of the black-haired Super Empress when she fought you in the past to have any hope of withstanding the true burden of contracting a cosmic level. In fact, without a certain strength foundation, just the feedback power obtained from contracting a cosmic level is enough to burst your body.”

Shi Yu said, “Ten times…”

“I know this is very difficult, but I’ll help you again and bring your other source of transcendence,” the Super Empress said.

Next, the Super Empress snatched away the dozens of transcendence sources Shi Yu had dropped under Shi Yu’s eager gaze, leaving only the transcendent source.