Chapter 1810 - Chapter 1810: Yue Maiden Is Here

Chapter 1810: Yue Maiden is Here

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Goddess Wa was going to be a coach???

Shi Yu said, “Really? That’s great.”

Shi Yu originally thought that this mission would fall on him. Since Goddess Wa had taken the initiative to suggest it, he could slack off and do his own thing before waiting for the results.

“Then as for me, I plan to continue cultivating for a while.”

“Although I’ve already broken through, my realm hasn’t stabilized.”

“It’s time to find the path to the cosmic-level,” Shi Yu said.

“Cosmic-level path…” Goddess Wa was silent. “I wish you success.”

Although the path to the cosmic level was very difficult, it might not be that difficult for Shi Yu to do.

The seventh cosmic emperor… Goddess Wa also acknowledged Shi Yu’s title.

These people gathered quickly and dispersed quickly. As Shi Yu broke through and Goddess Wa revived, the Blue Planet lineage completely became a huge faction that couldn’t be ignored in the universe. If the empress was included, it was definitely the sixth cosmic-level faction in the universe.

At this moment, for the people on Blue Planet, it was to continue strengthening and consolidating this advantage.

On Blue Planet, when Shi Yu saw Goddess Wa take Divine Source and the others away, he recalled the Empress who had taken the gem cat away and was momentarily filled with emotions.

He returned to Ping Cheng and the Icefield Snow Mountain and began the second round of seclusion cultivation.

He wanted to perfect the environment of some Beast Taming Star Domains and adapt to the new level of Beast Taming Talent. At the same time, he also wanted to conceptualize the cosmic path of his pets.

As for the pets, without the help of the skill index, they also had to try their best to see if they could break through the limit of the transcendent divine skill.

Next, the same track was the real test of their team’s throne.

“Ling, let’s analyze where everyone’s cosmic path is.”

On the icy plain, Shi Yu was holding a big hotpot and eating hot boiled beef as he communicated with Ling.

“There’s no need for me to say anything. Eleven’s cosmic-level path should be in the racial ability of ‘eating metal can be converted into metal hardening armor’, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“That’s right,” Ling said. “Therefore, the path of evolution might still be the same as back then. Either it eats cosmic treasure-level metals or a portion of cosmic-level metal elemental creatures.”

“A cosmic treasure-level metal might not be enough. With a cosmic treasure, it can at most give birth to super divine levels. It’s impossible at the cosmic level, and there’s even less of a cosmic-level metal elemental creature in the universe. Therefore, the path is broken.”

“Of course, I’ve thought of a way to create my own path,” Ling said.

“Tell me about it,” Shi Yu said.

“Master, do you still remember Yue Maiden?” Ling said.

“Yes…” Shi Yu nodded and said, “I remember. What’s the matter?”

“The Beast Taming Talent of the Yue Maiden, plunder, also has a very special effect. Do you remember that she can plunder the Beast Taming Talent of others and the abilities of other lives in the form of props?”

“Although none of the current six cosmic life forms are metal-element life forms, at their level, they definitely have the ability of the metal element. As long as we also learn this talent and find some metal-element cosmic treasures to extract their metal-element power and attach it to the metal-element cosmic treasure, we might be able to create powerful metal-element evolution tools.”

“The quality alone isn’t enough to become a cosmic level, but when combined, there must be hope.”

“Cough, cough, cough.” After Ling finished speaking, Shi Yu coughed dryly and said, “It’s a little brutal.”

“If we nurture a cosmic level, we have to fight other cosmic levels. Even if it’s not that we haven’t become the holders of the universe, this universe will be destroyed first. A cosmic level battle will really destroy the cosmic civilization.”

Ling said, “There are also those who aren’t brutal, and that’s to plunder their Beast Taming Talent.”

“Oh??” Shi Yu was stunned. “What do you mean?”

“Master, isn’t your skill index a tool you created yourself?”

“We can plunder our Beast Taming Talent through plundering abilities.”

“Master, think about it. The Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Talent can strengthen the strength of the pet. Even if the pet hasn’t reached the cosmic level, as long as you reach the cosmic level, your Beast Taming Ability can still strengthen the pet to cosmic battle power.”

“And what if pets can obtain this increase permanently without relying on Beast Tamers?”

“Let me give you an example. If you cultivate another metal-element strengthening talent, after you reach the cosmic level, if your metal-element strengthening talent and Taiji Domain talent can materialize, they will definitely be cosmic treasure-level precious artifacts. If you can fuse the Taiji Domain and the metal-element strengthening talent into a new tool and materialize them for Eleven to eat and let these permanently belong to it, it might be able to naturally rely on this power to break through to the cosmic level.”

“But this way, Master, you might lose these Beast Taming Talents. For example, although there’s still a possibility of cultivating the metal-element strengthening talent again, it’s not necessarily the case for rare talents like the Taiji Domain.”

“Moreover, plundering talent can only be plundered when a person is on the verge of death. Therefore, if you choose this method, you still need to undergo in-depth research and modification. Otherwise, it’s too dangerous for you.”

After Ling finished speaking, Shi Yu touched his chin and thought. Deprive the Taiji Domain from his body and fuse it into a metal-element cosmic treasure to create an exclusive evolution tool, Yin Yang Metal?

It sounded feasible. Shi Yu said, “This sounds much more reliable than messing with other cosmic levels. Initially, my Beast Taming Talent was also cultivated to assist you. If I can materialize it and give it to you permanently, it will save me the trouble of consuming my physical strength to strengthen you in the future.”

“This method can be a backup. If the Taiji Domain is Eleven’s, then the Green Dragon Domain will still be left to Buggy. Unfortunately, apart from these two special Beast Taming Talents, the other Beast Taming Talents are relatively lousy. I feel that it’s not very useful.”

“Perhaps next, I can collect some rare Beast Taming Talents to cultivate,” Shi Yu said.

“However, this method isn’t suitable for all pets,” Shi Yu said. “Only Eleven and Buggy evolve by eating.”

“Eleven eats metal, while Buggy eats some special resources to use worm silk to turn cocoons into butterflies.”

“But people like you can’t use this method.”

“For example, Baby Ginseng, its most basic and original racial talent… What’s it again? Ordinary Baby Ginseng races constantly increase their nourishing effects and evolve from there. Our family’s evolution is crooked. If it wants to break through to the cosmic level, according to normal logic, it definitely won’t attain the Dao with strength, but it still has to work hard on nourishing stats.”

“I have to nurture it into the strongest supplement before it has any hope of reaching the cosmic level?”

“Well, wait a minute, I think I can still increase the nourishing effect of the Enhancement Ginseng Baby by eating. It’s alright, it’s alright.”

[Ginseng Baby: …]

“However, Chi Tong, its most basic and source talent… I didn’t expect that possession counts. However, how do I nurture and develop it? Or do you mean that not every life form has the aptitude to become a cosmic level…”

Chi Tong’s predecessor was a human and a phoenix. Now, it was a heroic spirit. It was fundamentally different from Eleven and the others.

“Susu, on the other hand, is definitely an extreme cleansing power. Perhaps it can cleanse a Dark King… Damn, why did it go to fight a cosmic level again?” Shi Yu had a headache.

“And you, as a mechanical life form, is the most basic racial talent at the intelligence level? Or do you need to load a cosmic-level phantom beast spirit as a soul core to strengthen yourselves, just like how Little Ji fused the Tyrant Dragon, Earth Dragon, and Earth Divine Dragon Phantom to strengthen itself in succession?”

Ling: “I don’t know, but if I choose the wrong path, I might fail to break through like Goddess Wa and suffer a very serious backlash.”

“Even Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng’s guess can’t be guaranteed to be 100% correct now. However, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Susu should be relatively reliable. We can think of a way to help them clear their path first.”

“There’s no hurry for Chi Tong and me.”

“Let me think,” Shi Yu said. “In short, we have to collect more treasures of this level next. If a peak super divine wants to strengthen his strength further, he has to prepare more cosmic treasures as a foundation.”

“Well, when I see the empress again, I’ll ask her about the existing cosmic treasure. Since she knows about the Universe Tree, she definitely knows other things. There’s also the era ruins recorded in the skill index. Perhaps there are still cosmic treasures from other eras. It’s also a way out.”

“Otherwise, I wouldn’t have asked me to find the path to the universe from these era ruins.”

“There’s also the Plunder Talent,” Ling said. “Unfortunately, Senior Lu was taken away by Goddess Wa. Otherwise, with Susu’s current strength, its inheritance water drop should be able to perfectly replicate the Plunder Talent and pass it to you.”

“Wait for Senior Lu and the others to return?” Ling asked.

Shi Yu said, “Alright, forget it. Let’s not wait anymore. I’m a little anxious to study it in detail. Let’s go find the Blue Planet’s Will.”

Ling was stunned. “Wait, don’t tell me you want to…”

“Hehe, that’s right. With Blue Planet’s current level, there shouldn’t be any pressure to revive an ancient from the totem era, right?”

“I originally wanted to find the Yue Maiden inheritance through Qi, but…”

“I know that casually transmigrating into space and time will reduce the lifespan of the universe. We can’t mess around anymore, or we’ll be targeted by the cosmic overlord sooner or later.”

“But it doesn’t matter if we don’t transmigrate. We can just let Blue Planet revive that Yue Maiden into the modern era. It’s the same if we directly take our talent from her.”

Reviving the Yue Maiden of the totem era and inviting her to the modern era! Just like Emperor Wu and the others!

Ling was speechless. The Great Demon King Yue Maiden, who specialized in plundering other people’s abilities in the totem era, definitely didn’t expect that someone would specially revive her in the future just to plunder her talent. It was karma.