Chapter 1815 - Chapter 1815: The Worry Of The Ginseng Emperor (1)

Chapter 1815: The Worry of the Ginseng Emperor (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Sigh.” When An Chang, Fang Lan, Yin Zhengfan, and the others met according to the agreed time, Shi Yu also brought the Yue Maiden over. At this moment, when they saw Shi Yu appear, An Chang, Fang Lan, and Yin Zhengfan instantly widened their eyes and revealed incredulous expressions.

“Senior Shi Yu??”

“Shi Yu??”

They were shocked.

Fang Lan stuttered, “Wait, wait a minute, Senior Shi Yu. Don’t tell me you’re our lead teacher?”

If Shi Yu was the teacher leading the team, they could do whatever they wanted in the entire universe, let alone Blue Planet.

“What are you guys thinking?” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I don’t have time to play with you.”

“That’s true. You’re already an expert in the top ten of the universe.” Yin Zhengfan’s big friend smiled bitterly and looked up at this competitor of the same batch who had almost bullied him to tears.

“You guys can do it sooner or later,” Shi Yu encouraged with a smile.

Yue Maiden: “?”

Why did they keep mentioning the universe?

As expected, times had changed.

How strong was Shi Yu? Who exactly was he? Why did he not only brag that he was in the top ten of the universe, but others also thought so?

The Yue Maiden was immediately extremely curious about Shi Yu.

“Your teacher-in-charge is the person beside me. I’m just bringing her over to introduce her to you. You can call her Teacher Yue Maiden. Well, she just appeared recently and doesn’t know much about the outside world. Next, you can bring her to the outside world to train, but Teacher Yue Maiden’s battle power is still very strong.”

“Yue Maiden??” Upon hearing this name, An Chang was shocked. However, he suddenly shook his head and treated it as a common name.

“Alright, I’m leaving.”

“Work hard~”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he disappeared with an instant transmission, leaving the Yue Maiden, Fang Lan, and the others. An Chang and the others wanted to keep Shi Yu for a meal, but they didn’t have time to say it.

At this moment, the Yue Maiden looked at An Chang, Fang Lan, Yin Zhengfan, and the others. Although there was no intrinsic difference in their age from Shi Yu, observing these children, the Yue Maiden felt that they were much more normal than Shi Yu. At least she could see the hearts of the three at a glance.

“Teacher Yue.” An Chang and the others immediately greeted politely. Since Teacher Yue came with Shi Yu, she definitely had her own unique points.

He needed to be humble.

“Well…” The Yue Maiden said, “Sorry, I didn’t bring any greeting gifts. When I have the chance and find a suitable hunting target, I’ll make a gift for you.”

The three of them: ???

When the Yue Maiden saw that Shi Yu actually trusted her so much and was willing to teach these three Beast Tamers with extraordinary potential to her, she was silent for a moment. Well, if it was really as Shi Yu said, it was fine to give her talent to Shi Yu when she understood him more.

Moreover, her life was revived by the other party.

“Susu, the recording is successful, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“Ning!! (Copy.)” Susu said.

“As expected of us. We obtained the Yue Maiden’s talent without her noticing,” Shi Yu said. “Alright, it’s time to return to cultivate and plunder her talent…”

“How long do you think I have to sleep to cultivate to Level 11?”

Everyone was silent. They knew that the cultivation Shi Yu mentioned was definitely sleeping.

“The most important thing is not level, but modification. However, if the level is high, its control might be stronger. As long as it can deprive the origin of the talent and not hurt itself,” Ling said.

“I understand, I understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Then next, when I sleep, don’t run around anymore. Just adapt in my new Beast Taming Space.”

“Wuu!!” Eleven and the others felt that there was no problem.

After replicating the development method of the plundering talent from the Yue Maiden, Shi Yu couldn’t wait to cultivate. In other words, he would eat the Level 11 super divine resource, the Cultivation Fruit, of the ginseng baby and sleep.

As Shi Yu entered deep cultivation, the others also cultivated hard under their respective opportunities.

Hundred Flowers Star Domain.

A cat girl lying on the ground with a swollen face looked up and meowed.

“Damn it, I don’t want the peak of the super divine level. I want to go home!!!”

“Wu wu wu, Shi Yu, save me…”

Overlord territory.

Goddess Wa had already arrived with a group of people.

Emperor Wu, Dragon Emperor, Empress, Lu Qingyi, Divine Source, and Lin Xiuzhu all had their own unique points. In Goddess Wa’s opinion, they had super divine aptitude.

There was no need to talk about Emperor Wu, the Dragon Emperor, and the Empress. As the revival of the Creation Soil and the power of Blue Planet, her talent potential had already been strengthened to the strongest. After Lu Qingyi received the plundering talent inheritance, her foundation accumulation even exceeded many emperors. Unfortunately, Shi Yu was too excited from killing at that time and didn’t leave some epoch god and super divine near-death people for Senior Lu to plunder. Otherwise, she…

As for Lin Xiuzhu, she accompanied Shi Yu to study the power system of the previous era in detail and walked a path that was different from the Beast Tamer of this era. She also had a lot of potential.

Divine Source… wasn’t bad.

“Senior Wa, where is this?” Seeing that it was getting closer and closer to a black star domain, Senior Panda couldn’t help but ask.

“The place I’m bringing you to next is a training place of the cosmic overlord army. Many epoch gods of the cosmic overlord army have trained here. Here, as long as you fight and kill the enemy, you can increase your strength. Of course, the corrosion to the heart will also be very big.”

“This is the training ground of the cosmic overlord army. Among them, there are even super divine level prisoners of war imprisoned. It’s not impossible to obtain the source of transcendence.”