Chapter 1818 - Chapter 1818: The Fifth Super Divine Human On Blue Planet (2)

Chapter 1818: The Fifth Super Divine Human on Blue Planet (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

After all, his ancestor was the guardian of the World King’s cosmic treasure. Although his name wasn’t known to the people on World King Planet, he could definitely be considered on the World King’s side.

Then, Shi Yu had another training quest.

That was to nurture the cosmic tree seed.

However, Shi Yu felt that even if he accelerated the time flow in the Beast Taming Space, it wouldn’t be overnight to restore it.

He probably had to wait until he became a cosmic level to completely recover its strength.

No wonder the guys the observer found couldn’t support it. It was another skill.

Next, Shi Yu abandoned his other thoughts and continued cultivating.

After reaching the super divine level, it was indeed different. Under normal circumstances, at the divine level, the concept of time was no longer that important. It was easy to sleep for decades, hundreds, or even tens of thousands of years.

In specific circumstances, it wasn’t impossible for some divine-levels to sleep and seal themselves for hundreds of millions of years.

Shi Yu’s previous cultivation speed was too fast, and the resources were too rich. He had never encountered any bottlenecks, so after he entered the super divine level, he immediately couldn’t see the direction to break through.

He felt that it was impossible for him to reach the peak of the super divine level from the level of transcendent nine and rely on normal meditation cultivation without millions of years.

This was still a situation where his talent was pretty good. Even if he had an endless supply of pseudo source of transcendence as cultivation resources, it would probably be difficult without tens of thousands of years.

Unlike before, when breaking through realms was in a short period of time. With a little hard work, one could break through by looking for some rare resources.

Although just looking at Shi Yu’s estimated breakthrough time, it wasn’t slow compared to the others, Shi Yu himself was definitely not satisfied with this speed.

After all, it had only been less than ten years since he broke through previously. How could he tolerate spending tens of thousands of years to break through to the next realm now?

“There are two ways. First, rely on the feedback of the pets, but the skill index can’t add any old skills now. If I want to increase their strength, I can only add some new skills through ‘evolution’ and ‘teaching new skills’. Or, contracting a new pet and relying on the one-time feedback when new pets join the team can allow me to level up quickly.”

“2. Wait for the Empress and Teacher Ying to transform the hundreds of true source of transcendence into cultivation resources. When these resources are transferred to the account, the strength of my entire team will welcome the next leap.”

Shi Yu considered it for a moment. There was definitely no need to contract a new pet. In his current situation, there were really not many pets that could give him pretty good feedback. They were all old monsters.

Well… If he could contract the Blue Planet’s Will with Goddess Wa, Shi Yu felt that it was pretty good, but it wasn’t suitable… It wasn’t suitable… It was a little unfilial.

Continuing to find new skills and optimizing Eleven and the others’ battle power was also a choice. Although the Empress had told Shi Yu before she left that it was best not to leave the range of the Cosmic Sea, there were definitely targets that could be replicated in the Cosmic Sea.

He also knew that he had destroyed so many super divines in the Contaminated Land and the super divine of the Worm Nest. He must have been targeted by the other party’s universe level. In the Cosmic Sea, the World King and the Empress could still protect him. If he went too far, something would easily happen.

However, he still had to cultivate Beast Taming Talents such as plundering. It wasn’t the best choice to wander around…

After thinking about it, Shi Yu still decided to wait for the Empress’s cultivation resources… Deciding to freeload wasn’t considered freeloading. After all, he had fought his own source of transcendence, and the Empress was his contracted target. This was called self-reliance.

Just like that, as Shi Yu waited with anticipation, another three years passed.

Four years had passed since the end of the battle for the source of transcendence.

For the university student Beast Tamers on Blue Planet, these four years might be the end of their youth, but for some lives who had already stepped into the divine level, it was in the blink of an eye.

For Shi Yu, it was even more of a matter of lying down, getting up, and lying down to sleep again and again.

“It’s been four years, four years! Who knows how I’ve spent these four years!”

Three years later, Shi Yu opened his eyes and suddenly woke up. He was tired. Although he knew that four years was really not long for the current them, who knew how much he looked forward to the Empress and the gem cat quickly bringing over new cultivation resources?

Looking at the situation where he had worked hard for four years, apart from learning and cultivating a few new Beast Taming Talents, his realm hadn’t improved substantially at all, Shi Yu really didn’t dare to imagine that he still had to spend many more years under such circumstances.

He wanted to cheat…

He wanted to instantly reach the peak of the super divine level…

“Teacher Gem Cat must have dragged the empress down. Otherwise, with the Empress’s reliability, she would have long sent resources,” Shi Yu said.

With Teacher Ying’s situation, she shouldn’t be able to accept too strict training. She would probably slack off.

“Calm down,” Ling said. “After all, Teacher Ying needs to reach the peak of the super divine level to have any hope of modifying the source of transcendence. From super divine 3 to the peak of the super divine level, even if there’s a cosmic level as a training teacher, it’s not that easy, right?”

“Compared to this, why don’t we think about why Goddess Wa and the others aren’t done yet?”

“In theory, there’s no need for so long to go from the divine level to the super divine level. With the aptitude of Emperor Wu and the others, I think four years should be enough with the guidance of a peak super divine.”

“Yeah, in four years, I feel that I can already nurture a super divine. Why are Goddess Wa and the others so slow?” Shi Yu muttered. He looked in the direction of the Ancient Capital.