Chapter 1819 - Chapter 1819: The Fifth Super Divine Human On Blue Planet (3)

Chapter 1819: The Fifth Super Divine Human on Blue Planet (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, a divine-level figure was wearing technological glasses and a black silk uniform, teaching in the huge classroom.

Yue Maiden… adapted to modern life very quickly.

In the past few years, on the surface, the Yue Maiden was a gold-medal teacher of Ancient Capital University. An Chang, Fang Lan, Yin Zhengfan, and the others, who had once taught her, had already ascended to the World King Planet with outstanding results in the World Tournament. In secret, she was the dark side of Dong Huang and was in charge of handling some troublesome matters. Even she was already a high-level god. There was no reason for Emperor Wu and the others, who had arrived at the World King Planet earlier, not to have reached the super divine level, right?

If he hadn’t cultivated in the past few years and personally taught the Yue Maiden, the Yue Maiden would definitely have become a super divine.

After wearing the cosmic tree seed for three years, Baby Ginseng had now become the first pet in Shi Yu’s team to break through to the high-level. The nourishing power on its body was tempting, and it was an excellent cultivation support pet.

“Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.” Just as Shi Yu was worried, Bu Lu suddenly spoke in surprise.

It pointed at the starry sky, the Eye of the Universe left in the starry sky, and observed the figures of Goddess Wa and the others returning.

Goddess Wa and the others had returned, which meant that…

“Really?!” After being stunned, Shi Yu was also pleasantly surprised. Holy shit, speaking of the devil. He knew that his sudden awakening was due to the guidance of fate, not because he had slept enough.

“Let’s go welcome them.”

Under Shi Yu’s command, all the pets crawled back into Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space. At the same time, they immediately started chattering.

They were all guessing who had become a super divine.

This time, the three emperors of Dong Huang, the Mechanical Divine Source, and the two seniors of Lu and Lin left with Goddess Wa. Among these people, who exactly became a super divine? The pets immediately started to bet.

Whoever lost the bet would be a sandbag for a month in the other party’s training competition.

A small bet was fun. This time, they were going to make a big bet.

“Wuu.” Eleven naturally chose Big Sister Lin Xiuzhu.

“Mi.” Chi Tong didn’t let him choose his sister.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng chose Lu Qingyi…

Shi Yu said, “A month’s worth of sandbags. You guys really dare to bet. If you lose, you really won’t be able to live…”

Soon, the pets finished gambling. Apart from Senior Divine Source, the others were more or less betting.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived at the starry sky and stopped in front of Goddess Wa and the others’ biological battleship. No, he directly barged in.

At this moment, Dong Huang and the others were also on the battleship. They looked at the blue planet in front of them and felt a wave of anticipation. The four years of training had finally come home. Shi Yu had spent the past four years sleeping, but they had spent the past four years fighting and training. Although there was Goddess Wa protecting them behind the scenes, every one of them had a slim chance of survival.

If it weren’t for Goddess Wa being their guardian, they would have long died a hundred times.

However, the returns from such hardships were also very huge.

At that moment, Emperor Wu and the others emitted powerful auras. They were completely different from before they left.

“I wonder how Dong Huang is doing.” Divine Source sighed. He was middle-aged in this group of people. Emperor Wu and the others were older than him, so there was no need to maintain the posture of a senior. He had been much more at ease recently.

“Sigh.” But at this moment, most of them, such as the Dragon Emperor, maintained regret.

Before setting off this time, he swore that he would definitely be the super divine, but… it was over now.

Obviously, the Dragon Emperor wasn’t one of the few who successfully became a super divine. Even now, his body emitted the aura of a peak divine-level. Even if he might not be inferior to the Space Emperor and Lin Feng back then, he still couldn’t successfully become a super divine.

The others were basically at the same level as the Dragon Emperor, at the peak of the tenth level of the divine level. However, they belonged to the peak of the divine level that had a chance of reaching the epoch god level.

“Yo.” Just as everyone was waiting to go home, a voice suddenly made them turn around.

Shi Yu had appeared in the ship at some point in time and appeared behind them, looking at them with a smile.

“Everyone, you’re back.”

“Long time no see.”

Shi Yu’s gaze looked at these people one by one. Senior Panda, peak divine level, Senior Lu, peak divine level, Divine Source Legendary, peak divine level…

Emperor Wu, peak divine level, Dragon Emperor, peak divine level…

Empress Huang Xi… super divine level…!

Shi Yu revealed a surprised expression and said, “So, the one who became super divine in the end is…”

“It can’t be helped. Senior Empress is very powerful.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

“Sister Huang Xi is still powerful. Not only is she the first to break through to the eleventh level of the divine level, but she’s also the first to successfully hunt a super divine.” Emperor Wu shook his head and lost wholeheartedly.

“It’s just because of the advantage of being a hybrid. That place has a stronger training effect on me, a hybrid. Under normal circumstances, I’m inferior to everyone,” Empress Huang Xi said.

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, the various pets trembled. Chi Tong turned into a human form with a strong smile. She knew that her sister could definitely work hard!!

As for Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others, the corners of their mouths twitched. They secretly hated their two seniors for not being awesome and exciting!

“Then can we head to the ruins of Earth now?” Shi Yu didn’t care who was super divine. In any case, from the looks of it, they all had a chance to be super divine. They were just short of the source of transcendence.

Of course, if Senior Lu and the others were also interested in divine level 11 and 12, that would be a different story.

In fact, if it weren’t to pursue the cosmic level, Shi Yu didn’t recommend that ordinary people pursue breaking the limit. After all, it was too dangerous.