Chapter 1813 - Chapter 1813: Teacher Yue (3)

Chapter 1813: Teacher Yue (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu planned to directly let Susu record the other party’s talent in the inheritance water drop without anyone noticing.

He could clearly snatch it directly, so why did he have to spend so much effort to explain!

He was too ethical.

In any case, it was impossible for the Yue Maiden to sense it.

“Dean? Teacher?”

“You can understand it as a horde that specializes in adopting and nurturing orphans. No, students aren’t orphans. In short, teachers are the professions that teach a group of young Beast Tamers, similar to masters.”

“Don’t you know my reputation?” the Yue Maiden said.

“I know, but it’s precisely because I know more that I believe you,” Shi Yu said. “This era is no longer your era. Let’s experience it first. If you don’t like it, you can commit suicide. I won’t stop you.”

Yue Maiden was silent. To be honest, she was also very interested in this era. Although she didn’t know what kind of conspiracy Shi Yu had…

After sensing the opportunity to reach the divine level, she also wanted to enter the divine level very much to see the scenery.

“I indeed don’t want to die so early.”

“So, do you want to be a teacher or a dean?”

“If I get a job, I can at least earn a living and earn some resources. In this era, I can’t rely on snatching like you at that time. Every big city has a divine-level presiding over it. Although you’re also very strong, a divine-level is enough to crush non-divines.”

“Teacher,” the Yue Maiden said directly.

“Sure.”

“Then I’ll recommend you to be an archeology teacher at Ancient Capital University. Well, let’s talk about the history of the totem era.” Shi Yu dug his ears. This time, the professions matched.

Next, Shi Yu got Ling to invade the Dong Huang Network and help the Yue Maiden create a modern identity to make it easier to do things.

Then, he spoke to the air in front of the Yue Maiden.

“Principal Feng, are you there?”

His telepathy directly connected from Ping Cheng to the Ancient Capital.

“Pfft.” Principal Feng, who was drinking tea in retirement, spat it out directly. He was shocked. When he heard a familiar voice, he immediately got up from the courtyard.

“Shi Yu??”

“It’s me.”

The current Principal Feng could be said to be a big winner in life. Although he wasn’t strong and his level wasn’t high, with his identity here, even top-notch gods from the World King Planet had to be polite to him.

Now, the status of those related to Shi Yu had risen.

This was because Shi Yu’s deeds of competing for the source of transcendence in the universe had already begun to spread on Blue Planet. They were transmitted to Blue Planet by people from World King Planet.

Now, most people on Blue Planet knew that a ridiculous existence had walked out of Blue Planet. Now, it had already stood at the top of the universe. For the younger generation of Blue Planet, such as Gao Xuan and the others, becoming the champion of the World Tournament and ascending to the World King Planet was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.

As for Shi Yu, not only had he already become first in the God Sealing Battle and the strongest demigod, but he had also become first in the divine level and killed super divines above his level. Now, there was even news that Shi Yu had already killed hundreds of super divines, approached the limit of the Universe Throne, and ranked in the top ten of the battle power universe. It was simply shocking to everyone.

Anyone would be in a daze at this news. In fact, due to their limited horizons, they had no idea how terrifying this heaven-defying battle result was.

In short, although Shi Yu hadn’t left Blue Planet for long, he had already completely become a legendary figure in just a few years. Apart from those who had interacted with Shi Yu, those who had never been related to Shi Yu would feel like they were in a dream when they heard the name Shi Yu.

“You’re free??” Principal Feng was very surprised to see a busy person like Shi Yu looking for him. He didn’t understand what else Shi Yu wanted from him. He couldn’t be here to show respect to him, right?

“Is Ancient Capital University still lacking teachers? I want to introduce someone to be a teacher,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes, battle department, archeology department, and feeding department are fine,” Shi Yu said as he glanced at the Yue Maiden.

As for the Yue Maiden, she was also frowning. She looked at Shi Yu, who was muttering to himself. She observed the surrounding endless snowfield environment. Although she guessed that Shi Yu was using telepathy, this range…

“Is the person you recommended strong?” Principal Feng asked.

Such a small matter naturally didn’t matter. With Shi Yu’s current reputation, it wasn’t a problem for Dong Huang to raise ten thousand idle people for Shi Yu, let alone a position.

However, if he really wanted to participate in the work, he still had to understand the person’s abilities.

“An ordinary legendary Beast Tamer,” Shi Yu said as he looked at the Yue Maiden.

Yue Maiden: “?”

Ordinary legendary Beast Tamer?

“But her battle experience should be very rich and she’s good at fighting.”

“In addition, her talent potential is very strong, not inferior to the Space Emperor and the others. She can grow with her students. Her future is promising.”

Principal Feng said, “Sure, sure, you should have said so earlier. It’s a waste of talent to be an ordinary teacher. Recently, the nine major universities have formed an elite class. There are all geniuses who haven’t reached the legendary level, but they definitely have divine-level potential. They have a chance of getting good results in the World Tournament.”

“The initial decision for this elite class is a team of three. Each team has a legendary teacher leading the team. Do you think you can recommend this person to be qualified?”

“If possible, we can choose three students now and let them come into contact.”

“Sure.” Shi Yu looked at the Yue Maiden’s life and knew that her teaching ability wasn’t bad, although what she taught was how to crush enemies…

But such teaching was really necessary for Dong Huang’s group of sheltered students.

“Alright, can you tell me the specific identity of this teacher?” Principal Feng drank his tea again.