Chapter 1816 - Chapter 1816: The Worry Of The Ginseng Emperor (2)

Chapter 1816: The Worry of the Ginseng Emperor (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hahaha, it’s alright. There hasn’t been any battle that can corrode my heart,” Emperor Wu said confidently.

After rising up, he had been fighting and killing enemies all his life and had even fought the Yun Race for a long time. Such an environment was suitable for him.

“However, can you guys do it?” The Empress looked at Lu Qingyi and Lin Xiuzhu. She wasn’t worried about Lu Qingyi, but she wasn’t very at ease with this little girl in a panda costume.

“I… I should be able to,” Senior Panda said. “I’ve trained in the military camp for a long time after all… Although most of them are administrative…”

“If we can’t hold on, give up as soon as possible. We’re just short of a spot,” Divine Source said.

Sparks shot out among the many Dong Huang legends.

Yes.

There was only one spot left.

Who could be the first to become a super divine?

Lu Qingyi, Senior Panda, and the other juniors were relatively calm, but Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, and Divine Source had already started to compete.

In the blink of an eye, a year passed. This year was the calmest year on Blue Planet. Lin and Kong, who were clueless super divines, methodically developed the factions of Blue Planet and Blue Planet on the World King Planet. Emperor Shi was still so mysterious and his whereabouts were uncertain.

The five super divines of Blue Planet finally became arrogant. They dared to appear publicly on World King Planet and show their divinity in front of everyone, determined to cozy up to Shi Yu.

Shi Yu originally thought that he would continue cultivating calmly like this, but as an uninvited guest came looking for him, he was awakened by the Blue Planet’s Will and was forced to stop cultivating. He looked at an acquaintance who had descended from the starry sky to Blue Planet.

“Hehe.” The observer smiled at Shi Yu and said, “Sir Shi Yu, looks like you’ve already successfully broken through. Congratulations, congratulations.”

“Old man, I didn’t look for you, but you came looking for me yourself,” Shi Yu asked.

“What’s wrong with those super divine stones you gave me? They actually opened trash like Level 11 energy crystals.”

At the mention of this, Shi Yu was angry. Including the breakthrough gift from this old man, he had almost gathered 40 super divine stones. After breaking through, he immediately called his pets to have a good time.

In the end, although more than 30 Level 11 energy crystals were also super divine resources and rare treasures in the eyes of divine-levels, Shi Yu was useless.

On the other hand, the few pieces he collected were barely passable treasures, but for his current identity, their value wasn’t very high.

Shi Yu couldn’t accept the unlucky experience this time. After all, before it opened, his buff was maxed out. He suspected that it was the stone given by this observer that smeared the stone he had collected. Otherwise, it would definitely not be so dark.

“This, this, before we open it, no one knows what’s inside. It’s really purely based on luck,” the observer old man said innocently. “However, it might be related to my batch of rocks being discovered from an era ruin?”

“Perhaps the super divine stones collected here are trash.” He waved his hand.

“What brings you here this time?” Shi Yu said.

The observer chuckled and said, “Of course, there’s something I want to ask you…”

“Of course, I’ll give you a reward. In essence, this can also be considered a good thing!!”

“Tell me about it,” Shi Yu said.

The old observer said, “I wonder, Sir Shi Yu. Have you heard of it? The Universe Tree.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Of course I’ve heard of it. Isn’t that thing said to have already been destroyed?” Shi Yu said.

“That’s right, it was destroyed, but not completely. It still has a seed left in the world.”

Shi Yu asked, “What does the Universe Tree have to do with you?”

The old observer smiled bitterly and said, “My ancestor was once the guardian of the Guardian Universe Tree. However, due to its mistake, the Universe Tree encountered destruction and became what it is now.”

“Although Lord World King didn’t punish it, Lord Ancestor himself made a contract to definitely recover the Universe Tree. However, even Lord World King said that it’s impossible for the Universe Tree to recover…”

“But our ancestor didn’t give up. After its hard research, it thought of a way.”

“With the cosmic Beast Taming Space of a human super divine Beast Tamer as a new universe to nurture the cosmic tree seed, perhaps the Universe Tree can recover.”

“Therefore, he has always chosen suitable Beast Tamers as containers for the cosmic tree seed. Unfortunately, he has never found a successful candidate. Until my generation, I once chose 11 suitable Beast Tamers in the battle for the source of transcendence, wanting them to be containers. Unfortunately, they also failed. They couldn’t withstand the nutrients needed for the cosmic tree seed and finally returned the cosmic tree seed to me.”

Shi Yu looked at the observer in surprise and said, “Could your ancestor be the cosmic tree guardian under the World King, that God of Fertility?”

“You know my ancestor?!” The observer was shocked.

“Well… I guess I do.” Shi Yu kept feeling that the cosmic tree in this space and time was most likely destroyed by the Empress… It was a sin.

After all, the Empress was his contractor now. He had half the blame. However, as long as he didn’t ask clearly, it had nothing to do with him.

“You mean you want to ask me to become a container and nurture the cosmic tree seed?”

The observer said, “That’s right. You’re the strongest human Beast Tamer I’ve ever seen. Perhaps you can really do what others can’t. Moreover, you perfectly meet the conditions.”

“As long as you let your plant-type pet carry the cosmic tree seed and use it as a transceiver to nurture it, it’s fine. Although this might make you in a high consumption state at all times and an enfeeble state, nurturing the cosmic tree seed isn’t without benefits.”

“Firstly, in a perfect state, the cosmic tree is a strange object that can increase other resources to a cosmic treasure. Even now, the cosmic tree seed can subtly strengthen the power of the wearer, equivalent to a low-quality cosmic treasure.”

“During the breeding process, your plant pet can also obtain considerable benefits. It can be strengthened as a resource.”

“Apart from that, I promise that if you successfully restore the cosmic tree seed to Restoration and restore it to the cosmic tree, the cosmic tree will be yours. Lord World King has already given up on the cosmic tree, but as long as this thing doesn’t recover its Restoration, the contract my ancestor made in my bloodline can’t be erased.” The observer was vexed.

“And if you feel that you’re not qualified after trying, it’s alright. You just have to return the cosmic tree seed to me. I’ll make up for your consumption to a certain extent during this period.”

“Why do I feel that this is a good thing?” Shi Yu touched his chin and looked at the observer.

The observer smiled and said, “However, the consumption needed for the cosmic tree seed is really huge. During this period, your realm might not advance but fall instead. Even so, is it a good thing?”

“The 11 containers I’ve come into contact with have their realms fall during this period.”

“It’s just a realm. It doesn’t matter. In any case, I level up quickly, but there aren’t many opportunities to come into contact with such a treasure. Why don’t you take a look?” Shi Yu said.

The corners of the observer’s mouth twitched. Was this human language???

But according to his understanding, it was true that this beast had gone from an ordinary person to close to the cosmic level in less than ten years…

“If possible, I’ll take it,” Shi Yu said.

He was just worried about the cosmic treasure used by his pets to break through to the cosmic level. Good lord, this observer old man was just about to send it up.

It looked like Baby Ginseng was about to take off. If it could obtain the Universe Tree and fuse with the Universe Tree, wouldn’t it be the strongest supplement in the universe?? After all, the Universe Tree could even casually replenish a super divine fruit to the level of a cosmic treasure.

Shi Yu had seen it with his own eyes!

Even if it wasn’t enough for Baby Ginseng to break through, didn’t it still have him? He could cultivate more nourishing talents. After cultivating to the cosmic level, he could extract them and give them to the cosmic tree.

At this moment, in the Beast Taming Space, Baby Ginseng looked panicked.

Oh no!

The first opportunity to break through to the cosmic level appeared on it. It kept feeling that Buggy’s breakthrough to the weakest law was going to be repeated on it. Was this a good thing… or a bad thing?