Chapter 1814 - Chapter 1814: Teacher Yue (4)

Chapter 1814: Teacher Yue (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“I’ll confirm which geniuses are assigned to him.”

“Yue Maiden, the Yue Maiden who plundered talent.”

“Pfft…”

“Can you tell me the history of these 8,000 years?” At this moment, as Shi Yu ended the call, the Yue Maiden said.

“Next, Ancient Capital University will send you three students. Go and ask them.”

“Then am I a teacher or are they teachers?” the Yue Maiden said.

Shi Yu said, “That’s not important. You have something to teach them. They definitely have something to teach you too. Learning from each other can make you better stronger.”

“Moreover, don’t underestimate your next three students. They’re not very old, none of them more than 25 years old. The younger ones are even in their teens, but their strength is very good. They’re definitely not inferior to you back then.”

“Then you can tell me the identities of these people, right?”

“That’s not a problem. There are three people, two men and a woman. The boy is called An Chang. He’s in his twenties and a Level 8 Beast Tamer. He has some connections with you. Once, this guy had two plundering props from you.”

“The other boy’s name is Yin Zhengfan. Back then, he was still an examinee of the same batch as me and I almost lost to him. At that time, I was already an adult and he was only 12 years old. If I were the same age at that time, I would be inferior to him. Now, he should be an adult too. A Level 7 legendary Beast Tamer.”

“There’s also a little girl called Fang Lan. She’s not very old either. She’s not even 20 years old. She’s a Level 7 legendary Beast Tamer. Her ancestor has a super divine level Beast Tamer called the Space Emperor. She’s at the super divine level and above the divine level… She can be said to have massive potential after becoming a super divine.”

“How is it? Do you feel the pressure?”

“I hope you can teach them well and teach them the laws in the natural world… You know the cruel nature of the world,” Shi Yu said. In his opinion, these three guys would enter the starry sky sooner or later. After arriving at the starry sky, although the Blue Planet bloodline had already risen, it was impossible for them to take care of them in all aspects. For example, if it weren’t for the fact that Shi Yu was strong enough and had the support of a bunch of big shots behind him, it would definitely be a life-and-death danger. The entire starry sky of the universe was essentially a ferocious beast that swallowed people.

At this moment, when she heard Shi Yu’s introduction, the Yue Maiden’s heart was still a little stirred. At this age and level, these three students weren’t weaker than her back then.

Were all the Beast Tamers of the later era so strong?

Moreover, there was actually a Beast Tamer who had already reached above the divine level?

Divine level… super divine level… In an instant, the Yue Maiden was even more curious about this era.

“Then what’s your strength?” The Yue Maiden asked the mysterious Shi Yu.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Hehe, so-so. In the top ten of the universe.”

Yue Maiden: “?”

She was certain that she couldn’t get much truth from this person.

At the same time, Fang Lan, An Chang, and Yin Zhengfan received news from the Nine Schools Alliance.

“Brother An Chang, it’s actually you?”

“Are you Yin Zhengfan?”

Somewhere in the Ancient Capital, the three of them gathered. As the leaders of the younger generation of Dong Huang, the three of them were naturally familiar. Among them, An Chang and Fang Lan were both students of Ancient Capital University and were related to Shi Yu. They were more familiar. As for Yin Zhengfan, although he was from the Ancient Capital, he had graduated from Imperial Capital University and didn’t have much to do with the two of them.

“It’s actually the three of us in a group? I feel that it’s the strongest combination.” At this moment, Fang Lan had already grown from a junior high school student to a slender and beautiful girl. Her blue dyed black hair was extremely delicate, and her eyes flickered as she looked at the two reliable young men.

“I didn’t expect such an arrangement either. I just don’t know who our teacher-in-charge is,” An Changxiao said with a smile. He already had the strength of a titled legend, and it was the kind of titled legend with strength. There were really very few people who could be his teacher.

An Chang had once given Shi Yu two important tools. Although he wanted to acknowledge Shi Yu as his master and was rejected by Shi Yu, he, who had been chasing Shi Yu, had also received a lot of additional attention. He had even trained in the military and could long take charge.

“Hello.” Yin Zhengfan wore mechanical glasses. Although he was no longer a little boy, he was still so polite.