Chapter 1817 - Chapter 1817: The Fifth Super Divine Human On Blue Planet (1)

Chapter 1817: The Fifth Super Divine Human on Blue Planet (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Baby Ginseng.”

After taking on the big job of nurturing seeds, Shi Yu directly summoned Baby Ginseng beside him.

“Yi.”

After Baby Ginseng came out, it stared at the humanoid observer with a burning gaze.

Then, he imagined the image of the God of Fertility.

It didn’t match at all.

How many times had it evolved, mutated, and degenerated before the image of its race changed so much?

But it was definitely his biological son… After all, they were all very strong.

“Yi…” Hundreds of millions of years was long enough. It was normal for descendants to change their appearance.

“I’ve long heard of the ginseng emperor,” the observer said. “Actually, I’ve been paying attention to you since the end of the God Sealing Battle.”

“Any Beast Tamer who contracts a plant life with potential is my target.”

The observer was very satisfied with Baby Ginseng. After all, this guy was first in Shi Yu’s team no matter what. It used to be.

Now, he didn’t know.

“Let’s give it a try,” Baby Ginseng said.

“Senior, where’s the seed?” Shi Yu also asked.

“Over here.” The observer stretched out his hand, and a blue-green seed projection flickered in his palm. Then, it slowly materialized. The seed contained a faint spatial power, very similar to the fluctuations of the Universe Tree that Shi Yu and the others had once sensed.

Baby Ginseng stretched out its hand, and the cosmic tree seed slowly floated in front of it. Soon, the seed was in its hand.

“Yi.” At this moment, Baby Ginseng didn’t feel any side effects. Instead, the power of the cosmic tree seed subtly strengthened its nourishing ability. Baby Ginseng wasn’t unfamiliar with this feeling!

The super divine resource, the Reincarnation Fruit, that it had once created had been improved by the Universe Tree like this. However, this time, the Reincarnation Fruit was changed to it, and the Universe Tree Seed was increasing its quality. Although this speed was extremely slow, more than a hundred million times slower than the increase of the Universe Tree at that time, it was also very extraordinary.

“It’s nothing now, but after you put the ginseng emperor back into the Beast Taming Space, it will automatically absorb power.”

“At that time, be it the ginseng emperor or you, they will be treated as a transit device. It’s alright, but for you, the Beast Taming Space might have to withstand a huge burden. Come and try now. Feel it first.”

When Shi Yu heard that, he directly retracted the ginseng baby.

After Baby Ginseng returned to its planet, it indeed sensed that after the cosmic tree species was in the star area space, it began to ask it for energy. As for it, it was also passively absorbing nutrition from the Beast Taming Space. As for the nutrition of the Beast Taming Space, it was absorbed from the outside world through Shi Yu’s transit device.

In an instant, Shi Yu indeed felt his stamina flowing crazily.

“How is it?” the observer asked. The consumption of nurturing the cosmic tree seed was basically equivalent to ten thousand times the consumption of a super divine Beast Tamer to activate his Beast Taming Strengthening Talent with all his might at all times.

This burden was alright in the short term, but as time passed, it could definitely reduce a super divine Beast Tamer to kidney deficiency. Now, Shi Yu should have experienced this speed. He should be able to predict if he could withstand such consumption.

For example, the Beast Tamers he had chosen previously only lasted for a few minutes before they had to rely on taking medicine to maintain it. After nurturing it for a few months or a few years, they would become neither human nor ghost and finally give up.

“Is that all?” However, a few minutes later, Shi Yu asked.

He still looked energetic and did not look weak at all.

Observer: “?”

“What do you mean?”

“This thing is clearly quite gentle,” Shi Yu said. “I feel that I won’t be affected much if it stays in my body like this.”

“But this guy does eat a lot. I took the initiative to feed it more nutrition just now, but it actually accepted all the food.”

“Huh?” The observer was stunned.

“Don’t have that expression. How can the Beast Tamer you found previously compare to me?” Shi Yu said with a smile.

After all, his skill index was created by the “complete Universe Tree of the last era” combined with “many cosmic treasures”. Its function was to consume its physical strength to strengthen its pet.

It could be said that Shi Yu had spent his entire journey “consuming and adding points”. He was long familiar with this feeling and had trained his physique.

The absorption speed of this thing… Even if he was given a few days, it wouldn’t consume as much energy as fusing a divine skill once.

Moreover, his current physical strength was comparable to a cosmic behemoth that had transcended nine times. Now, the strongest battle power in Shi Yu’s team wasn’t pets like Eleven at all, but Shi Yu himself, who had cultivated the power system of the previous era.

His physical fitness wasn’t something the Beast Tamers of this era could compare to, even if it was a Beast Tamer at the peak of the super divine level.

“In my opinion, Senior, you can’t take back your seed,” Shi Yu said with a chuckle.

“Ah, this.” The observer kept observing Shi Yu. After discovering that Shi Yu was indeed not affected at all, he said in surprise, “Although I already expected that it would definitely be different on you, I didn’t expect your endurance to be so good.”

“It’s just that this guy’s absorption speed is too slow. At this rate, it might not necessarily be able to recover in millions of years,” Shi Yu said. “I plan to find an opportunity to adjust the time flow in the Beast Taming Space and let it recover quickly.”

“If I gain anything, I’ll tell you, Senior.”

Observer: “?”

In the end, the observer left Blue Planet with an expression as if he had seen a ghost. When Shi Yu saw him leave, he sighed slightly. So this observer was also a direct descendant of the World King.