Chapter 1812 - Chapter 1812: Teacher Yue (2)

Chapter 1812: Teacher Yue (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

After seeing more history, Shi Yu had a deeper understanding of the Yue Maiden.

“She’s indeed a legendary figure with talent potential not inferior to Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, and the others,” the Blue Planet’s Will said. “In this era, she might be able to grow into a super divine. Lu Qingyi’s talent was inherited from her, right?”

“Yes.”

“Next, I’ll imprint the state when her body is at its peak and has the greatest potential to revive her.”

“Please,” Shi Yu said.

Soon, under the power of the Blue Planet’s Will, a black-haired woman in her twenties appeared on the icy plain. She was like a statue, standing alone and calmly on the snow, emitting an indifferent and distant aura.

This person was the Yue Maiden who was also famous in the totem era and wasn’t liked by humans and foreign races.

The Yue Maiden slowly opened her eyes. Then, a cold glint suddenly shot out of her eyes as she looked at Shi Yu in front of her warily.

Until now, she was still a little dizzy and didn’t know what had happened. However, her beast-like vigilance made her feel that something was wrong with her state.

Especially the strange-looking man in front of him. He looked like an ordinary person, but he vaguely gave him a threatening feeling.

Of course, as the strongest Legendary Beast Tamer, the Yue Maiden was confident that she could deal with any enemy.

After Blue Planet completed its mission, its will left the icy plain, leaving the venue to Shi Yu and the Yue Maiden who had just been revived.

“I remember…”

At this moment, as time passed and the baptism of time, the Yue Maiden finally remembered something. She was silent. She remembered that she should have died.

Why…

The power of her Legendary Beast Tamer and her plundering talent were still there. Moreover, this young body with strong vitality made the Yue Maiden feel that it was unreal.

There was also the sword lying in the Beast Taming Space. She remembered that she had also let her leave at the end.

Now, the other party was still beside him.

Moreover, she suddenly discovered the changes in Blue Planet. This place had become very unfamiliar. The snowfield in front of her was even ridiculously large, overlapping countless spaces.

“Hello, Senior Yue Maiden,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Who are you?” The Yue Maiden looked at Shi Yu coldly.

“Well, how should I put it?” Shi Yu said. “You can take it that I’m a Beast Tamer from the later era who has received your favor.”

“A senior of mine inherited your plunder inheritance, and I’ve also obtained an Awakening Mirror that contains an Awakening Talent and a blank Talent Bead. They’ve helped me a lot. This should be your masterpiece, Senior Yue Maiden, right?”

Yue Maiden was stunned. “What year is it now?”

Shi Yu said, “8,000 years after you die.”

“You revived me???” No matter how slow the Yue Maiden was, she realized something. She looked at Shi Yu solemnly and asked.

“That’s right,” Shi Yu said. “After understanding your deeds, Senior Yue Maiden, I feel that a legendary figure like you shouldn’t end in the incomplete era where the laws of that world were suppressed.”

“Now, the laws of Blue Planet have revived, and the path to becoming a god has already opened. Everyone can pursue a higher realm above the legendary level. With your talent, it’s a pity to end your life so early.”

“You’re lying,” the Yue Maiden said.

“How is that possible?” Shi Yu said. He had a super divine level telepathy talent. Even if he was really lying, how could a legendary like him tell? Damn it.

“Instinct.”

“Tell me your goal.”

“Alright, alright~” Shi Yu said, “Then I’ll be direct. I’ve taken a fancy to your talent. Give your talent to me. How about that?”

The Yue Maiden sneered. She didn’t expect that it would finally be her turn after plundering countless talents in her life.

She immediately wanted to summon her pet and fight Shi Yu for 300 rounds. She didn’t plan to let Shi Yu succeed.

However, Shi Yu’s next words made her stop.

“In exchange, I’ll provide you with an identity in this era and let you integrate into this era very well to pursue a higher realm.”

“Don’t worry, my method is much calmer. It’s not plundering, but replicating. It won’t affect you at all. I won’t let you lose your plundering talent, nor will I let you do anything.”

“Unfortunately, my senior hasn’t been around recently. Otherwise, I would have just looked for her directly. I wouldn’t have spent so much effort to awaken you, Senior.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Not interested,” the Yue Maiden said.

“I don’t trust you. I won’t give you my talent.”

“You’re worried that I’ll use my talent to wreak havoc in all directions??” Shi Yu said.

“Yes,” the Yue Maiden said.

“My sister, I still need your talent if I want to wreak havoc everywhere.” Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to explain to her. “Forget it, then I don’t want your talent anymore. In addition, you’re already alive, so I don’t plan to send you back. You don’t want to die that early anyway, right?”

“I’m in seclusion because I’ve gathered too much aggro on myself. In addition, I don’t have much lifespan to begin with.”

“Now, since you have a new life, why don’t you do something meaningful?”

“For example, in the city beside us, an orphanage called Starting Point has recently opened. I can recommend you to be the dean. Don’t you like children very much? Or, you can go to school to be a teacher. I remember that you’ve cultivated many experts, right?”