Chapter 1822 - Chapter 1822: Hope Of The Village (2)

Chapter 1822: Hope of the Village (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“However, although this plan failed, the Earth bloodline still hasn’t completely given up.”

“In the end, they chose a plan called ‘Fire Seed’ to carry it out,” Goddess Wa said.

“The Pyro Plan is about to send a group of Earth lives with potential, including the Earth’s will itself, to the next era at the end of the era.”

“If it goes smoothly, a star similar to Earth will appear in the next era. These flames will also awaken the memories of the previous era on this star, their reincarnation.”

“The Pyro Plan is to let these people have the possibility of becoming the holders of the universe in the next era.”

“During this process, countless flames might be extinguished and die in the vast river of time. It’s also possible that they will escape the lock of reincarnating Earth due to some accident, but there’s a certain possibility that they can successfully reach the next era.”

Shi Yu crossed his arms and looked at the stone pillar with a burning gaze.

Goddess Wa subconsciously looked at Shi Yu.

“However, the success rate of this plan is inferior to the previous attempts. It’s just a final struggle.”

“After all, among this group of fire seeds, the guy with the best talent potential, second only to that cosmic-level human, is very unreliable. Even if he successfully transmigrates, whether he can live to the cosmic level is another matter,” Goddess Wa said. “As for the other Fire Seeds, they’re more or less lacking.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

Who was it?

“This person should be talking about you, right?” Goddess Wa looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was silent. “Probably? In any case, I’m definitely one of these Fire Seeds. I’m sure.”

Shi Yu really didn’t tell too many people about this.

Apart from Goddess Wa, Emperor Shi, and the others who relied on their strength to know that Shi Yu was unusual, Senior Panda, Senior Lu, and the others still didn’t know Shi Yu’s transmigrator identity.

Even the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, Divine Source, and the others didn’t know what was unusual about Shi Yu although they knew that he was unusual.

At this moment, when they heard Goddess Wa’s words and Shi Yu’s answer, everyone was shocked.

“What, what, what, what?” Senior Panda said in shock. “Shi Yu, you’re saying that you’re a transmigrator from the last era, one of the Earth’s Fire Seeds mentioned by Nüwa??”

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “However, I don’t have any transcendent memories from the last era at all. My memories of the last era only stopped in my early twenties. I died during an archeological expedition.”

“In my era and country, there was no extraordinary power at all. Politicians, vendors, armies, and commoners were all formed by ordinary people. Animals were also mortal beasts. Apart from the historical culture being very similar to Dong Huang, like a reincarnation, there was a huge difference.”

“After I died that time, I woke up again in the pet breeding base of Icefield City and became an ordinary pet breeder. A few months later, I took Eleven from you, Senior Lin, and opened the path of Beast Taming in this life.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Damn,” Lin Feng and the others muttered. No wonder Shi Yu was so abnormal. They finally knew the reason.

However, there was nothing new about this.

Reincarnation and rebirth weren’t rare on Blue Planet. Just on Blue Planet in this era, countless experts had reincarnated. President Ming Hua, who was next to Dong Huang, was also a reincarnator. Susu was equivalent to experiencing countless reincarnations. However, this was the first time everyone had seen Shi Yu take such a long leap.

It came from the last era!

As a genius recognized by a bunch of cosmic-level big shots, everyone understood why Shi Yu could advance so quickly.

“So, what exactly is this ruin…” The Empress looked at the little clay figurine and the remaining unglowing words.

Goddess Wa said, “This ruin can actually be considered a backup plan of the Pyro Plan.”

She looked at the little clay figure floating in the stone pillar and said, “This soil creation is a creature, an unactivated creature.”

“She came from the last era. She’s a new creature created by Nüwa with the power of a genius’s bloodline.”

“Nüwa said that this is her most perfect creation. Her talent and aptitude even exceed the cosmic level they cultivated. However, because it was too difficult to send her to this era, Nüwa only sealed a half-finished product in this ruin.”

“And the way to revive her is for the five super divine humans with the marks of Earth, which is the traces of Blue Planet, to awaken her with the power of the super divine bloodline. This way, not only can she awaken the aptitude from her previous life, but she can also obtain some of their talent aptitude from the five super divine humans. From there, she will become the human with the strongest talent in the two eras. She will almost definitely become a cosmic level.”

“Even if the Pyro Plan fails, even if no one chooses to come to this era, as long as she successfully arrives, as long as five super divine humans of Blue Planet in this era are born, find this place, awaken her, and nurture her, there’s still hope of a cosmic holder being born in this era.”

“Apart from that, the inheritor of Goddess Wa, the reincarnation of Earth, also has a high chance of achieving the great cosmic level by nurturing her to the cosmic level.”

After Goddess Wa finished speaking, everyone was stunned. They looked at the little clay figure in disbelief.

This little girl’s appearance was actually so powerful? She would definitely become a cosmic level?