Chapter 1823 - Chapter 1823: Hope Of The Village (3)

Chapter 1823: Hope of the Village (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Among the crowd, only Shi Yu didn’t smile.

Instead, the corners of his mouth twitched fiercely.

“Then let’s awaken her through our power and let her inherit our talent potential. Am I considered her godfather? Haha,” Lin Feng said.

His child was useless, but if he took in a goddaughter who could become a future cosmic level, it would be very good too.

“No.” At this moment, Shi Yu said bluntly, “I refuse.”

Everyone: “?”

“A new creature created with the power of a genius’s bloodline…” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth were still twitching. “This Goddess Wa uses my bloodline!”

“F*ck, moreover, it was definitely without my knowledge.”

Shi Yu was angry. In the index, he had once said that it didn’t matter if he didn’t become the holder of the universe because some experts still had other backup plans. The backup plans were in this ruin.

Even he didn’t know what this backup plan was.

Now, Shi Yu understood why he didn’t know. It was because Goddess Wa and the others had definitely secretly used the power of his bloodline to create this child.

At the start, he definitely rejected it.

What was this surprise? Shi Yu was directly shocked. He knew it. When he entered, he felt that something was wrong and sensed an affinity bloodline power. Now, he understood.

He suddenly had a daughter for no reason, and she was a biological daughter of the same bloodline as him. Who could tolerate this?

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Chi Tong was also stunned. She bit her finger and fell into deep thought.

Eleven and the others couldn’t think straight either, but they felt that it wasn’t a big problem.

At this moment, some people were shocked when they learned that this little clay figurine was created with Shi Yu’s bloodline power. Of course, Goddess Wa and the others seemed to have expected it long ago. They only fell silent.

“She, she…” Senior Lu pointed at the little clay figurine and looked at Shi Yu. “So this, from the perspective of bloodline, is your daughter, right?”

Shi Yu said, “If she’s revived, you can say that. However, I don’t have any intention of having a real biological daughter…”

Although he called Chi Tong his biological daughter, this wasn’t the same thing at all. Shi Yu only hoped that Goddess Wa purely used his bloodline and didn’t add any other nonsense.

Otherwise, even if Goddess Wa was the goddess of creation, he would transmigrate back and talk to her nicely and ask for some compensation for mental damage.

It was too much.

If she revived, would he care? Regardless, it was definitely not suitable, but if he cared, contracting a pet was alright, but Shi Yu really didn’t have the EXP to nurture a “person”.

Moreover, if he had a daughter before he got married, how could he find a partner in the future?

At this moment, as Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone fell silent.

Looking at this little clay figure, they didn’t know how to deal with it.

“So, is it over?” Emperor Wu said. “Why are the experts of the last era so obsessed with nurturing the cosmic holder, the holder of the universe?”

“They should be dead already.”

“It’s over,” Goddess Wa said.

“This question might only be answered by Shi Yu.”

When Shi Yu heard that, he shrugged and said, “My guess is that after the birth of the holder of the universe, the era that ended previously might still appear again in the form of a ‘parallel universe’ and coexist with this cosmic era. One main universe and multiple parallel universes, thereby giving these experts a second chance to be reborn.”

“Otherwise, there’s no need to spend so much effort.”

“Therefore, if I really become the holder of the universe one day, everyone will have a chance to travel to the parallel universes of other eras…”

And if he failed…

It could be said that the little clay person in front of him was the hope of the entire Earth Village…

“Since Shi Yu is unwilling, don’t awaken her,” Goddess Wa said as she looked at the clay figure.

“It’s not that I’m unwilling, but I’m not ready yet,” Shi Yu said. “Sigh, how should I put it? In any case, there’s no hurry.”

“I understand,” Lin Feng said. “I was nervous about being a father for the first time too, but I was used to it. It’s actually no different from raising a pet.”

“You’re so disgusting. Can you talk normally?” Divine Source said.

“Then, who will you hand her to for safekeeping?” Goddess Wa asked.

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “Well… I’m not sure who to give her to. It’s better for me to keep her myself.”

“In short, even if I want to awaken her, I won’t let her pursue any cosmic holder. Such a dangerous thing can’t be arranged for an unborn child.”

The outcome of this exploration of the ruins exceeded everyone’s expectations.

However, there were no huge gains.

Of course, it wasn’t that there were no gains at all. At least Goddess Wa was satisfied.

In the ruins, Goddess Wa had some insights and learned impressive information from Nüwa.

Was her cosmic path on creating humans?

All along, although she had received the inheritance of Nüwa, Goddess Wa had always treated the other party’s inheritance as a power obtained postnatally. It was the same when she mainly developed her original power and advanced to the cosmic level.

However, she failed.

And now, Nüwa actually left a message saying that her inheritor and Blue Planet’s cosmic path might be on that little girl. This made Goddess Wa think about whether she should imitate Nüwa’s path and try to break through to the cosmic level.

It relied on creating humans to become a cosmic emperor.

Logically speaking, it was very difficult to become a cosmic level by imitating, but now, Goddess Wa didn’t know what to do. She could only choose to believe Nüwa’s judgment.