Chapter 1825 - Chapter 1825: The Cat Returns (1)

Chapter 1825: The Cat Returns (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Are these those guys?”

In the Astrologer Family, the Prediction Owl gave the gem cat a list.

Looking at this list, the gem cat fell into deep thought. Most of the factions on this list were indeed more terrifying than the Four Holy Family.

The strongest expert of the Four Holy Family was only at the middle stage of the super divine level.

Although their family had developed to hundreds of realms, the main activity location was still World King Planet.

However, most factions could already “establish themselves” on the list given by the Prediction Owl.

The main foundation was no longer on the World King Planet. They were all in the Cosmic Sea. With their own territory, this meant that they no longer needed the protection of the World King Planet and had already stood among the powerful factions in the universe.

For example, the Beast Taming Genius of the thirteen heavens of the Cosmic Sea. His family was such a family. They controlled their own star domain and had several permanent teleportation arrays. They could be said to be powerful in the starry sky, and there was a high-level super divine presiding in the family.

Of course, the current Blue Planet was almost in the same situation. Even without the protection of the World King Planet, as long as it wasn’t targeted by the universe, it could dominate the starry sky and not be afraid of any disasters.

“What are you going to do? They’re all over the various star areas of the Cosmic Sea. It’s a huge project for you to take revenge,” the Prediction Owl said.

“It doesn’t matter. I don’t have to attack,” the gem cat said.

“With this list, it’s enough.”

Her eyes changed slightly, and her blue eyes turned into the nine-colored Nine Gem Eye. It was like dazzling stars spinning, and immediately, billions of stars in the Cosmic Sea appeared in front of her.

“Star Prayer Curse.”

Boom!

In an instant, the Sea of Stars trembled, but it was as if nothing had happened on the gem cat’s side.

“Hey, hey, hey, what did you do?” the Exposing King said.

The gem cat: “It’s nothing. It’s just a wish for all the factions that participated in the destruction of the Star Prayer Race to encounter more cosmic disasters.”

“The effect is worse on direct participants than on indirect participants. Even if it’s an innocent descendant, as long as it’s related to them at all, it will have bad luck for decades.”

“Yes, it should be about the same. It’s about to happen. I’ll go take a look.”

With that said, the gem cat flew out of the World King Planet.

Because a small number of factions also settled on World King Planet, a cosmic disaster suddenly appeared near World King Planet.

First, a time hole appeared in the starry sky. This was a special phenomenon that only appeared with very small chances in the starry sky of the universe. It could teleport things from very, very far away.

Back then, the Space Emperor was teleported near the World King Planet by this thing.

At this moment, the time hole appeared abnormally. What teleported over was a huge meteorite that contained a strong attraction. From the size, it was no longer inferior to Blue Planet before the Mythical Revival.

At this moment, the power of this meteorite wasn’t enough to attract the World King Planet. Instead, it was attracted by the World King Planet and directly fell to a certain place…

“Good lord.” The gem cat’s eyes lit up.

“Damn, it won’t be an accidental injury, right? The wish won’t hurt the innocent. I hope he’s alright…” As she prayed again, another Starry Sky Storm appeared in the starry sky and blew towards a certain place.

Right on the heels of that, the Cold Silence wave was born out of thin air in a certain place, turning into a cold stream that surged towards the World King Planet.

Disasters appeared so frequently that the Space Disaster Research Institute was caught off guard.

Although to a certain extent, they could predict cosmic disasters in advance and prevent them, this time, cosmic disasters appeared too suddenly.

After all, as a cosmic-level star, the cosmic will had to give it face. The chances of encountering a cosmic disaster around the World King Planet were extremely small, but this time, it was extremely abnormal.

This situation not only appeared near the World King Planet, but also in the various star domains of the Cosmic Sea. Even countless light years away from the World King Planet, cosmic disasters of various sizes occurred.

For example, when the starry sky trembled, a spatial vibration was now invading a star field, instantly causing the family business accumulated by a super faction for countless years to collapse with a bang.

“This isn’t an accident.” A high-level super divine who resisted the spatial vibration and coughed up blood looked in a direction fiercely.

“Someone cursed our family. This is a premeditated attack. Who is it, who exactly is it?”

Soon, the Cosmic Sea was in chaos.

Many super factions encountered a cosmic disaster out of thin air, forcing some families to wake up and go out to resist to prevent their foundation from being completely destroyed.

At the same time, the gem cat didn’t hide its curse power. It didn’t take long for many experts to sense that the curse power came from near World King Planet.

As famous experts in the Cosmic Sea, how could they withstand such humiliation? They all descended on the World King Planet with extremely fast methods.

“You have a death wish. How dare you plot against me!”

Soon, the native experts of the World King Planet and some experts who rode a permanent teleportation array to solve the “origin” ascended to the starry sky outside the World King Planet and discovered the gem cat girl in the Star Prayer Robe who was surrounded by starlight like a holy maiden. She pressed her palms together and prayed in the universe.

After these people discovered the power fluctuations on the gem cat’s body, their expressions changed and they revealed shocked expressions, as if they had seen something ridiculous.

“The power of the Star Prayer, the Star Prayer Race…”

“Why…”

After discovering that it was the Star Prayer Race who attacked, the entire starry sky trembled.

Wasn’t the Star Prayer Race exterminated?