Chapter 1829 - Chapter 1829: Sick (1)

Chapter 1829: Sick (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“It’s a small problem. As long as the Dark King doesn’t come, I’ll kill no matter how many other polluted races come!”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Bing Ling nodded slightly.

“I believe you, but I’m afraid that the Dark King will come too.”

“Ah, this…” Shi Yu said, “I don’t think so.”

“Lord World King’s condition isn’t good. No one can say for sure.” Bing Ling shook her head.

“Of course, I don’t mean for you to deal with the Dark King. I’m not that heartless.” She smiled.

“It’s just that if the Dark King personally goes to battle, even if it doesn’t attack, the strength and morale of the Dark King Army will become unprecedentedly powerful.”

“It’s roughly equivalent to saying that the Dark King Army is a pet army with a cosmic-level Beast Tamer strengthening them behind their backs. Do you understand?”

“Is that so?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “As a behind-the-scenes strengthener, the Dark King still let his subordinates go out to battle and doesn’t do it himself. This way, it won’t cause a cosmic dispute. However, Lord World King’s condition isn’t good. I’m afraid he can’t strengthen the army of the Cosmic Sea as a behind-the-scenes chess player.”

“This way, during the period when the World King is sleeping, the Cosmic Sea might even be swallowed some territory. The Dark King will also become stronger because of this.”

“Well, that’s what I mean,” Bing Ling said. “If things really turn into this, although the Sun God General, Lu Ming, and the World Divine Dragon will attack later, it’s actually still not enough to face an army with cosmic strengthening.”

The Sun God General, Lu Ming, and the World Divine Dragon were the three peak super divine experts under the World King.

The Sun God was the strongest stellar life form in the universe. Lu Ming was a human and had several powerful pets under him. The World Deity Dragon Race was a super strong race ranked at the top of the myriad races in the starry sky. It was also born on the World King Planet. It could be said that during the early stages of the World King Planet’s birth, it had always accompanied the growth of the World King Planet, similar to the five divine races on Blue Planet.

Of course, apart from these three parties, there was also a hidden peak super divine like the observer, who was also under the World King.

However, it was definitely not enough for these people to interfere in a cosmic-level dispute.

Therefore, in order to deal with the possible war, Bing Ling first came to ask for Shi Yu’s opinion on this throne known as the “seventh universe level”.

As long as the cosmic level didn’t take action personally, even if the super divine level was strengthened by the cosmic level, if Shi Yu could preside over the Cosmic Sea, the chances of winning would greatly increase.

After all, Shi Yu could kill a peak super divine at the divine level. No one knew how strong Shi Yu, who had absorbed the strongest transcendent source in the era, was.

Moreover, the Blue Planet bloodline Shi Yu represented was also a power that couldn’t be ignored. Just Goddess Wa… was a super expert not inferior to or even stronger than the Sun God General.

If this batch of experts could all gather together, even if Lord World King couldn’t wake up, he should be able to withstand the attack of the Contaminated Land.

After confirming with Shi Yu, Bing Ling left. Shi Yu also shook his head and entered the room.

“If the Dark King Army really wants to attack while the World King is weak, wouldn’t that be just nice to farm EXP for Susu?”

“However, President Bing Ling is right. It’s more or less a little dangerous to involve a cosmic-level war… The strength of a super divine level is still a little lacking. If only I could reach the cosmic level faster.”

Shi Yu looked into the room. The gem cat had already disappeared. The corners of his mouth twitched. His psychic power directly enveloped the Dong Huang Realm. Then, in a luxurious house with a pool, sunlight, and plants, he discovered the gem cat lying leisurely on the beach in a swimsuit.

“Cough,” Shi Yu said. “Teacher Ying, it’s useless even if you run. Did you hear President Bing Ling just now?”

“The Dark King Army might want to attack the Cosmic Sea. Susu and I can’t sit back and do nothing. We urgently need strength. You don’t want us to die in the Void Battlefield, right?”

In the distance, when it heard Shi Yu’s telepathy, the gem cat’s face fell. “If you can die, I’ll fall down and find you.”

Stop lying to her. The gem cat already knew that Shi Yu had the protection of a cosmic-level empress and the throne of the sixth universe. With that woman’s strength, the Dark King might not necessarily be able to defeat her. It would be difficult for Shi Yu to die even if he wanted to.

“Alright, alright, alright. Then help me with something else. When you’ve rested enough, you can modify the source of transcendence.”

“What help?” The gem cat girl took off her sunglasses.

“I know the location of a pile of era ruins, but there are too many era ruins, more than I imagined. It’s impossible to explore them all in a short period of time. In order to avoid wasting time, I want to choose the key points to explore.”

“I need the power of you and Teacher Owl to help me divine which ruins are the most suitable for me first.”

“Wu.” When the gem cat heard that, although it was also a technical job, as long as it used the ruins to send Shi Yu away, he shouldn’t rush her to work like he was urging her to die. That was alright.

“Sure, go find the owl!”

“Alright.” Shi Yu shrugged.

Even if the gem cat didn’t rest to modify the source of transcendence all day, with her turtle speed, Shi Yu would have a lot of free time for a long time. During this period of time, it was better to use it to explore the era ruins of the Cosmic Sea and see if he could find some treasures from the era ruins to increase his strength.

A moment later.

In the Astrologer Race, the Prediction Owl was also called over by Shi Yu.

She immediately ran over to Shi Yu with her family’s treasure.

Although the owl had just become a super divine not long ago, her family had the “cosmic treasure” “divination crystal ball”. With the support of this exclusive tool of the astrologer race, the divination ability of other races couldn’t surpass their race.