Chapter 1824 - Chapter 1824: Hope Of The Village (4)

Chapter 1824: Hope of the Village (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

As for the Empress and the others, they were feeling pity.

Especially the Empress. When she saw an opportunity to become the godmother of Shi Yu’s daughter slip away, she knew that she had missed an opportunity to increase her seniority. Chi Tong was Shi Yu’s biological daughter, and Chi Tong called her sister. She was one generation lower than Shi Yu for no reason.

However, if it could contribute its bloodline power and revive that child to let the other party inherit a portion of its talent, this seniority could probably be reversed. Chi Tong still had to call her Mom.

When Shi Yu and the others were in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain, the other guy Shi Yu was thinking about finally returned to Blue Planet after four years.

“Damn Shi Yu, damn Shi Yu. That woman took me away because of you.”

After the gem cat returned to Blue Planet, it was still very traumatized by its experience in the past four years.

Although it was four years, she felt like 400 years had passed!

Although its realm had received an unprecedented increase, approaching the peak of the universe and reaching the peak of the super divine level, the gem cat felt that she might need millions of years to heal from this experience.

That woman in black and white hair really didn’t treat her as a cat. How could she bully such a cute little cat like her?

“I’m finally back, but…”

At this moment, the gem cat returned to Blue Planet and realized that apart from being able to sense Blue Planet’s Will, the experts on Blue Planet weren’t here.

She was slightly puzzled, but she didn’t think too much about it. She would treat it as if those people were on World King Planet.

After thinking about it, the gem cat flew away from Blue Planet and directly made a wish to teleport to World King Planet. However, after arriving, she realized that there were still no traces of Shi Yu and the others.

“So he went there!” The gem cat used the Star Contract to sense Little Zi’s location before confirming Shi Yu’s current location.

“Damn it, you’re not bringing me along again.” She was indignant.

But forget it. Compared to this, she had more important things to do.

In the Astrologer Family in the Dong Huang Realm.

After getting close to Dong Huang, forget about the owl, even the Exposing King was already super divine.

The Astrologer Family had joined the Blue Planet bloodline and could be said to be doing well.

At this moment, the Exposing King Tu Tu felt that even if he announced his identity as the Exposing King, no one would dare to do anything to it.

After all, his sister was one of the two cat-headed military advisors beside Shi Yu!

“Who…”

However, soon, the peaceful atmosphere was broken. A powerful super divine pressure suddenly descended, shocking the Exposing King Tu Tu and the Prediction Owl in the Astrologer Race.

The siblings quickly flew out of the family and into the sky. Then, they saw the gem cat girl standing calmly in the sky.

“Long time no see.” Seeing the shocked expressions of the Prediction Owl and the Exposing King, the gem cat felt secretly pleased. “Speaking of which, do you know where Shi Yu and the others are?”

Although she already knew, she still asked to be more natural.

“You, you, you, you…” At this moment, the Prediction Owl exploded. It sensed the terrifying aura on the gem cat’s body, the aura that was comparable to a peak super divine. Her breathing was rapid, and her voice was dry and hoarse. She couldn’t believe it.

“What’s wrong with me?” The gem cat had an innocent expression.

“Why are you…”

“Oh, you mean the realm? I easily became a super divine without much effort previously. In the past few years, I’ve come to a realization and casually worked hard. However, I feel that with Shi Yu’s breakthrough speed, he’s still lacking. He’s indeed an animal,” said the gem cat.

Prediction Owl and Exposing King: ???

“Looks like you don’t know where Shi Yu is either. Forget it, it doesn’t matter.” The gem cat girl looked at the Exposing King and said, “Help me with something.”

“I want to know what races participated in the destruction of the Star Prayer Race back then.”

“It’s time to settle everything.” She looked up at the starry sky. Since she had accepted the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race, as the only Star Prayer Race today, she also had to vent the painful experience of the past four years and let others feel the pain.

She had a premonition that after helping the Star Prayer Race end their karma, she could still be stronger.

Well, it was actually the final training handed to her by the Empress. The gem cat was also very helpless.

“What are you doing?” The Prediction Owl swallowed its saliva and said, “That group of guys is even larger than the Four Holy Family.”

“You’re afraid?”

“What’s there to be afraid of? Steal them,” the Prediction Owl said excitedly. “Although I don’t know what’s wrong with you, with Shi Yu protecting you, what’s there to be afraid of?”

“There’s no need for Shi Yu. Now, I’m also invincible in the Cosmic Sea. Ordinary super divines are no match for me,” the gem cat said.