Chapter 1820 - Chapter 1820: The Fifth Super Divine Human On Blue Planet (4)

Chapter 1820: The Fifth Super Divine Human on Blue Planet (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

It wasn’t impossible to break through from the tenth level of the divine level to the peak of the super divine level. This level was enough for ordinary people. As long as it was maintained well, it wasn’t a problem to destroy the universe.

“That’s right.” At this moment, Goddess Wa’s figure slowly appeared. This was the first time Goddess Wa revealed her appearance, at least in front of Shi Yu.

Shi Yu looked at this beautiful goddess with silver flowers hanging down and her hair tied into a moon-like bun. “Now that the Scarlet Blue Star Domain has been occupied by the Environmental Protection Army, it’s already the territory of the Cosmic Sea. It’s not a problem to go over directly.”

Ever since Shi Yu destroyed so many super divines of the Dark King Army, the Dark King Army and the Environmental Protection Army had been retreating step by step. The location of the previous battle had long become a part of the Cosmic Sea, and the pollution power had been completely expelled.

“From the looks of it, Shi Yu can’t wait anymore.”

Goddess Wa said, “In that case, let’s return to Blue Planet after we go to the ruins together. Let’s go fetch Wang Kong, Lin Feng, and the others first…”

“Alright.” Everyone was very excited. Although it wasn’t super divine, if they could explore the ruins together, it wouldn’t be a failure.

“Yay.” Shi Yu was as happy as a child weighing 20 billion pounds. After sleeping for four years, he finally had something to do to relieve his boredom.

He hoped that there would be something exciting in this ruin.

Then, everyone directly swept past Blue Planet and approached World King Planet.

Now, Blue Planet had already flown to the center of the Cosmic Sea and wasn’t far from World King Planet. Flying over directly wasn’t much different from using a teleportation array. Its speed was not much different from Shi Yu and the others.

At the same time.

In the center of the Dong Huang Realm and the Floating Realm.

A black-robed figure appeared. Emperor Shi looked at the starry sky and said to both sides,

“Wang Kong, Lin Feng.”

“Senior Emperor Shi, we’re here.”

“Prepare yourself. Goddess Wa and the others have returned.”

Emperor Shi seemed to have a premonition long ago. He began to invite Lin Feng and Emperor Kong to wait for Shi Yu and the others to arrive.

“Holy shit.” In a villa in the Floating Realm, Lin Feng shook his head when he heard that.

“You’re back.” Four years, so fast.

It was really… better to cozy up to someone powerful than to work hard himself.

He had worked hard for hundreds of years, but he didn’t become a super divine. In the end, he still relied on Shi Yu’s dividends.

Now, this batch of people who had been taken away by Goddess Wa was even more ruthless. Although they weren’t as good as Shi Yu, four years of super divine power was already abnormal.

“We can finally go.” At this moment, the Space Emperor was also thinking about the ruins on Earth, wanting to see what information was hidden in the ruins that Goddess Wa and Shi Yu were so concerned about.

Soon, Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, and Lin Feng boarded the battleship.

After they discovered that the Empress had broken through, they weren’t too surprised. This was because mixed-bloods had a certain advantage over pure-blooded humans.

On the other hand, if it was Divine Source breaking through, they would be surprised.

“By the way, will hybrid humans be different from ordinary humans and not meet the conditions?” As soon as he came up, Lin Feng kept having some novel ideas.

“It’s alright,” the Empress said calmly. “I can strip the phoenix bloodline out of my body at any time. After stripping it out, I’ll be pure-blooded.”

“Then it’s alright.” Lin Feng smiled in embarrassment.

“Everyone is here now.” Shi Yu was excited. “Then let’s go.”

“Yes,” everyone replied one by one.

He began to head to the Scarlet Blue Star Domain.

With the two super divine experts, Goddess Wa and Shi Yu, leading the team, their speed was naturally indescribable. When Shi Yu, Senior Lu, and the others understood their experience during this period of time, everyone quickly arrived at the star where the ruins on Earth were.

There was also an old acquaintance of Shi Yu who had been waiting here for a long time.

“Lord Wa, you’re back!!!”

“Also, there’s Lord Shi Yu.”

On this earth-yellow planet, the Sand Fort Guardian was still protecting it. When it saw Goddess Wa return with a group of people, it was immediately excited and had tears streaming down its face.

It looked like… it could really retire this time.

“You’re still here.” Shi Yu looked at him happily.

“You’ve worked hard,” Goddess Wa said.

After Emperor Wu and the others followed, they also looked at the Sand Fort Guardian curiously.

“Not at all!!” The Sand Fort Guardian sensed the aura of a pile of super divine experts behind Goddess Wa. It swallowed its saliva and said, “Are we going to open the ruins…”

“Naturally.”

Then, just like the first time Shi Yu came here, everyone arrived at the underground world and saw a stone wall door.

On the stone door, there was a pattern. There were five sunken places. Four of them were in four directions, and the other was in the center. The humans who were already super divine nodded at Goddess Wa. They stretched out their hands and teleported their bloodline super divine power to the stone door.

Unlike the first time Shi Yu came to test it himself, this time…

Boom!!!

The stone door swayed, as if it had opened the door to another cosmic space. It finally opened. The moment it opened, Goddess Wa’s expression was solemn as she sensed a familiar power fluctuation.

Among the five of them, Shi Yu was also stunned. He sensed a familiar bloodline fluctuation, as if… it was his relative. As for the other four, the Space-time clueless emperor, Lin Feng, and the Empress didn’t sense anything. Senior Lu and the others were only curious and didn’t sense anything.