Chapter 1828 - Chapter 1828: The Cat Returns (4)

Chapter 1828: The Cat Returns (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Uh,” Shi Yu said. “But no matter what, four years at the peak of the super divine level is very worth the suffering…”

“In short, it’s finally over,” the gem cat said. “Moreover, after sanctioning those factions, I’m also feeling refreshed now. I feel that the fusion between those Wish Stars and me is completely compatible. No wonder the Empress wanted me to deal with them.”

Shi Yu said, “By the way, has the modification of the source of transcendence been completed?”

The gem cat said, “The Empress modified a portion of it. I’m just short of completing the last process. I tried to perfect one and spent two months. The Empress felt that it was too slow, so she kicked me out and let me resolve the resentment of the Wish Star.”

“Now, I don’t feel like I can perfect one in a month.”

Shi Yu said, “Then give me the one that’s perfected first. There are still 71 left, right? I’ll give you 60 months to perfect it as soon as possible. As you perfect it, I’ll use it…”

The gem cat: “?”

She looked at Shi Yu with tears in her eyes and said, “I just returned. Do you want to rush me to death? Can you let me rest for a month before starting work? Just a month!!!”

Shi Yu smiled. “Alright, alright, alright. One month, I’ll give you two months. Moreover, eat well. Baby Ginseng, who has transcended seven times, carefully makes the full set meal of gem fruits every day.”

“That’s more like it.” Teacher Ying was satisfied and instantly felt comfortable.

“Unfortunately, this is technical work. My clones can’t do it. Otherwise, I would directly get my clones to settle it for you in a day.”

“Speaking of which, how’s your exploration of the ruins?” the gem cat asked.

“This” Shi Yu scratched his head, not knowing how to explain.

A moment later.

A shocked voice came from the room.

“You said that your bloodline daughter is sealed in the ruins???”

“What a joke.”

“Yes, why not!! If you don’t raise it, you can raise it for others. Goddess Wa and the Blue Planet’s Will will definitely be willing to raise it. After all, it concerns their cosmic level.”

“If it really doesn’t work, I can barely help you take care of the baby.”

“We’ll start work tomorrow, thank you,” Shi Yu said. “Where’s the Demon Divine Stone I gave you previously?? Have you raised that little demon to death?”

“No, I didn’t. I just let it grow!”

After the exploration of the ruins was completed, the cat returned, and the Blue Planet people also returned. For Blue Planet, it could be said that the universe was completely peaceful.

Apart from the Empress who had successfully advanced to the super divine level, the others also began to challenge their super divine path.

Although the gem cat had dropped another pile of source of transcendence and she now had the initial ability to increase the quality of the source of transcendence, everyone still planned to pursue the next 11 levels and break the limit.

As for Shi Yu, he also used the only perfect ball of source of transcendence as a cultivation resource.

With just one try, Shi Yu fell in love with this feeling and was extremely excited.

It only took ten days to refine a source of transcendence, but the strengthening it brought him was equivalent to about 100,000 years of bitter cultivation.

Moreover, it wasn’t that kind of bitter cultivation that purely meditated, but the strengthening of the soul, body, and spirit in all aspects.

Shi Yu made a simple calculation. If he refined all the source of transcendence, he might be able to increase his cultivation by more than 7 million years.

This was simply… definitely enough to send him and all his pets to the peak of the super divine level.

Ten days later, Shi Yu, who had enjoyed cheating, couldn’t help but get up and find the gem cat that was lazing around. “I’m done absorbing that. When are you starting?”

“Didn’t you say two months??” The gem cat, who was holding the tablet and watching the movie, said angrily.

“I regret it. Please start work now. You don’t want the empress to know that you don’t work after returning and only know how to slack off, right?”

The gem cat: “?”

“Hey, Teacher Ying, please. In return, I’ll let Baby Ginseng take care of your food for the rest of your life, alright?”

Baby Ginseng: “?”

“Stop showing off. Someone seems to be looking for you outside.” The gem cat was angry.

Shi Yu scratched his cheek with a helpless expression. He shrugged and teleported outside.

In the outside world.

Shi Yu’s familiar figure, the super god in his eyes in the past, the president of the Environmental Protection Association, Bing Ling, was looking at Shi Yu seriously.

“Sorry to disturb you, Shi Yu. There’s something I need to discuss with you.”

“Senior Bing Ling? What’s wrong?” Shi Yu said. The Environmental Protection Association had helped him in the battle for the source of transcendence. Although it wasn’t very useful, Shi Yu still remembered it.

“Do you know that the World King was weak and fell into a deep sleep again?” Bing Ling said. “I obtained information from the Sun God General that for some reason, the World King consumed a lot of strength and had no choice but to fall into a deep sleep.”

Shi Yu was stunned. Could it be… because of the time when he teleported them back to ancient times??

The World King indeed seemed to have said that she would have to pay a considerable price to do this.

“What’s wrong? Doesn’t Lord World King often sleep?”

Bing Ling said, “Indeed, but Lord World King’s weak state this time is unprecedented. In addition, it’s said that the Dark King woke up in the Contaminated Land instead. Moreover, although you killed many super divines of the Contaminated Land and they retreated step by step, not only did their aura not decrease, but they also showed signs of counterattacking. I have a premonition that the Cosmic Sea will have a violent collision with the Contaminated Land next.”

“If possible, I hope to obtain your and Susu’s help to guard the Cosmic Sea.”

Shi Yu said, “It’s a small problem. As long as the Dark King doesn’t come, I’ll kill no matter how many other polluted races come!”