Chapter 1821 - Chapter 1821: Hope Of The Village (1)

Chapter 1821: Hope of the Village (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

When the stone door opened, it was a small desolate world.

Be it Goddess Wa or Shi Yu, they weren’t unfamiliar with the environment here.

The era ruin fragment left behind by Goddess Wa looked the same when Shi Yu took out the Creation Soil and other things.

It was suspected to be… a fragment of Earth.

“There’s nothing…” Emperor Wu said.

“It opened just like that?” Lin Feng was surprised.

“No, it’s not like there’s nothing,” Shi Yu said. “There’s a deep space.”

“Yes, that’s right.” Goddess Wa nodded.

“Leave it to me.” Shi Yu took a step forward and activated the two major skills, Time Transformation and Time Operation. As he cracked and stabilized the current ruins, he tried to find something deeper.

A dazzling light shot out of his eyes. In the next moment, the entire ruin rumbled and trembled.

The ground cracked, and an earth-yellow stone pillar rose from the alternate space and connected to the sky.

The stone pillar broke from the center. A little clay figure, a little girl clay figure that looked like a human cub, floated in the center of the stone pillar.

Upon seeing this clay figure, Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat.

“There are words on the stone pillar,” Emperor Shi said. “However, unfamiliar words.”

“I know this,” Goddess Wa said. “It’s an Elder Gu language from the last era. If that’s the case, it’s easier to decipher.”

“I’m certain now that this ruin should have been left behind by Nüwa.”

“My power was inherited by the cosmic-level expert of the last era, Goddess Wa. As her heir, I can sense that that clay person is her creation.”

“The method used is similar to Blue Planet and me reviving and creating you through the Creation Soil. However, the method is higher,” Goddess Wa said.

“Senior Goddess Wa, quickly decipher the words.” Lin Feng couldn’t wait anymore.

Lu Qingyi, Senior Panda, the Empress, and the others also followed behind, extremely curious about all of this.

Why exactly was this ruin built and what secrets were hidden?

“Yes.” Goddess Wa looked at the words on the stone pillar.

“On this is a self-introduction about Nüwa. She calls herself a cosmic life form on cosmic-level planet Earth.”

“At the same time, it’s also one of the sixteen great cosmic-level life forms in the last era,” Goddess Wa said in disbelief.

“What?” Not only was Goddess Wa shocked, but the Space Emperor and the others were also very shocked.

One of the 16 great cosmic-level life forms in the last era?

In the last era, there were so many cosmic levels??

After all, in this era, there were only six cosmic levels. It was actually only a fraction of the number in the previous era.

“Our universe is in its prime. We still have a very long lifespan. In the end, there might be many cosmic levels,” Emperor Shi said.

Goddess Wa ignored everyone’s communication and said,

“Nüwa is a life born from a cosmic-level planet, Earth. She’s known as the goddess of creation. She imitated the humans of the universe and created the humans of Earth…”

“Because the talent potential of the humans on Earth is peerless in the starry sky, she also obtained a huge return. It can be said that her ability to reach the cosmic level is closely related to ‘making humans’.”

Everyone felt that Goddess Wa on Blue Planet and Goddess Wa on Earth were like a reincarnation. On this side, Goddess Wa also created the human race on Blue Planet, while on the other side, Goddess Wa created the human race on Earth?

“The reason why Nüwa created the humans on Earth is because she hoped to create a human with the best talent and potential to reach the cosmic level. Then, she would contract the universe itself and let it become an eternal guardian to extend the lifespan of the universe.”

“This plan is also a plan developed by a few cosmic levels on Earth with her.”

“As cosmic life forms, they don’t want to end themselves because of the lifespan of the universe.”

“Did it fail?” Lu Qingyi asked after a moment of silence.

At that moment, Shi Yu had already told his relatives and friends on Blue Planet what he knew about the cosmic holder.

Everyone knew that Shi Yu was now working hard to become the holder of the universe.

Although Shi Yu didn’t say anything about the agreement with the empress and only expressed his curiosity about a higher realm, Senior Lu and the others were still very worried about whether this path could be taken.

Contracting a universe sounded like a fantasy. It was even more unreliable than becoming a cosmic level.

“Yes, it failed.” Goddess Wa said, “Although Nüwa and the others cultivated a human and she successfully reached the cosmic level, she died during the process of trying to contract the universe.”

“This outcome also means that the plan of Earth to resist the reboot of the universe in the last era completely failed.”

The Empress and the others looked at Shi Yu.

In the last era, Earth had at least two cosmic levels, and it was even very likely that it was the center planet of the previous universe. It had more than half of the cosmic levels. Even if they gathered the strength of all their members, they couldn’t make the chosen person the holder of the universe.

Shi Yu was certain that he still had to have thoughts about this realm?

To be honest, becoming an ordinary cosmic level and living for billions of years was actually not bad.

Was there really a need to take this risk?

Shi Yu smiled bitterly. It was mainly because he had promised the empress. It wasn’t easy to tell these people about his relationship with the Empress because the Empress didn’t allow Shi Yu to tell the outside world about her relationship with Shi Yu.

Sharing the information about the cosmic level and the cosmic holder he had obtained from the Empress was already the limit.

Shi Yu could also understand these ancient words. He had studied these Mythical words in his previous life. At this moment, he was also deciphering them with Goddess Wa’s progress.