Chapter 1827 - Chapter 1827: The Cat Returns (3)

Chapter 1827: The Cat Returns (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

In any case, the gem cat didn’t think that it was the weakest peak super divine. She was a disciple of a cosmic level… She had learned the spiritual development system of the previous era.

For example, she was also confident of defeating the two peak super divine experts Shi Yu had defeated previously, although it wasn’t as easy as Shi Yu…

Then, just as the gem cat was about to kill all these enemies of Star Prayer, suddenly, a super divine middle-stage Time Fox asked for help.

“Sir God Lu, save me.”

As soon as it finished speaking, another peak super divine aura came from the void… No, it was even stronger than ordinary peak super divine auras, even stronger than the Sun God General. This strong aura blocked the gem cat’s attack.

“Who is it?” the gem cat said unhappily again.

“It should be one of the peak super divine experts under the World King, the human Beast Tamer Lu Ming. He has a pet that seems to be the Time Fox. There’s probably a connection.” Just as the gem cat was blocked, another figure walked out of the starry sky.

Shi Yu, who was wearing a panda casual suit, walked out of the starry sky.

When the gem cat saw Shi Yu, it said in surprise, “You’re back.”

“I sensed the commotion here in the Scarlet Blue Star Domain. How can I not return as soon as possible?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

“You’re really something.”

“It’s all for you,” the gem cat said.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Alright, I understand.”

With that said, he looked at the void and said, “Lu Ming, right? Can you give me some leeway and ignore this matter?”

“This matter isn’t something a peak super divine like you can interfere in.”

No one expected Shi Yu to appear because very few people knew about the relationship between the gem cat and Shi Yu.

At this moment, the figure in the void was clearly extremely silent about Shi Yu’s appearance.

The gazes of the super divines chased by the gem cat exploded.

Shi Yu’s appearance made the starry sky tremble even more than the sudden appearance of the gem cat, a peak super divine. Such a vibration even shocked the other peak super divines on the World King Planet, such as the Sun God General.

On World King Planet, those watching the live broadcast felt their hearts about to explode.

Although the younger generation didn’t know about Shi Yu and the one he named, the older generation knew very well that it was the ruthless person who scared the five super divines of Blue Planet into not daring to come out of seclusion for millions of years and killed several super divines.

And now, Shi Yu actually said to the other party that this matter wasn’t something a peak super divine like him could interfere in. This was simply…

What made the experts observing in the dark the most unbelievable was a slow voice coming from the void.

“Alright, then I’ll give you some leeway this time.”

With that said, this peak super divine aura wave disappeared directly. Although the middle-stage super divine Time Fox didn’t know what relationship it had with Lu Ming, it had undoubtedly been given up at this moment.

The super divine peaks who were regarded by the gem cat as enemies had pale expressions and revealed looks of despair.

If it was just the gem cat, even if they couldn’t defeat it, they might still have a chance to escape. However, the moment a ruthless person like Shi Yu appeared, they knew that this Star Prayer Race was related to a ferocious person like Shi Yu. These people understood that even the peak super divine under the World King couldn’t save them.

This ferocious guy could even destroy a peak super divine just like that.

It was known as the seventh cosmic emperor.

This day was destined to be another extremely turbulent day for the World King Planet and the Cosmic Sea. More than ten super divines died, and more than ten super factions were affected until they almost died. It was really shocking to the starry sky.

Soon, everyone understood what was going on.

These super factions involved the sale, transaction, and enslavement of rare races. This was originally a very common thing in the starry sky. Even on Blue Planet, ordinary people raised many domestic animals and pets that could be killed at any time.

However, the essence of this starry sky was that whoever had the bigger fist made sense. Now that an expert who could suppress the Sea of Stars had appeared in the Star Prayer Race that had been exterminated and divided, even Shi Yu was standing behind this race. Those factions that had targeted the Star Prayer Race couldn’t escape punishment no matter what.

“Scary, too scary.”

“That mysterious expert with a human body and a snake tail, Shi Yu himself, and that Star Prayer Goddess just now, three experts at the peak of the super divine level!!”

“Moreover, two of them are definitely not something ordinary peak super divines can compare to. When exactly did another such faction condense in the Cosmic Sea?”

Not only was it the peak battle power, but everyone also thought of the backbone forces like Emperor Shi, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the new super divines. Their scalps went numb, and they felt that the Blue Planet bloodline was too terrifying.

It was also on this day that the various factions on the World King Planet and even the Cosmic Sea knew that another peak super divine expert had been born. Her name was Ying, and she was from the Gem Cat Race. She was an existence that definitely couldn’t be provoked.

At this moment, this existence that definitely couldn’t be provoked was eating and drinking crazily with a gem fruit and a cup of gem fruit juice.

“Delicious, so delicious.” Teacher Ying cried as she ate.

“Slow down, slow down,” Shi Yu said. “Teacher Cat, did the Empress starve you?”

“It’s mainly because she doesn’t care about food at all. When I said I was hungry, she let me inhale energy crystals. Although that thing can maintain its state, it’s not delicious,” the gem cat said.

“The food I made a wish for myself… How can I be in the state to make a wish for delicious food? Every time I finish training, I’m exhausted. I’m almost never in perfect condition.”