Chapter 1826 - Chapter 1826: The Cat Returns (2)

Chapter 1826: The Cat Returns (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

After such a big thing happened, even factions unrelated to this incident had already learned of the World King Planet and paid attention to the starry sky.

On the World King Planet network, the scene of the gem cat girl being surrounded by many super divines crazily spread.

“It’s her?!” In the Dong Huang Realm, the Tyrannical Sea Legendary looked at the cat girl in the scene in confusion and shock.

Wasn’t this Teacher Ying?

“Ying…” The Dragon God also looked at the live broadcast that shocked the entire World King Planet in surprise. It couldn’t believe that its good friend was so fierce today.

The little white dragon… the ice dragon… They were all stunned.

Teacher Cat… stood up and actually faced more than ten super divines alone!

“A karmic connection.”

In the starry sky, the gem cat girl slowly opened her eyes and answered simply, looking at these “enemies” that had been attracted by her.

There was once Shi Yu who fought a hundred super divines alone. Today, she, the cat, would sweep through all the strong enemies!

Karma…

Upon hearing the gem cat girl’s words, these people immediately realized something, and their expressions changed drastically.

Boom!

However, it was too late. The gem cat’s expression suddenly turned cold. The terrifying Psychic wave directly turned into a cosmic tide and swept over, making the expressions of these super divines change again. As a low-level plant super divine was closest, it was almost instantly crushed into dregs by psychic power and turned into nothingness.

“No matter who you are, do you want to start a ‘war’?”

These super divines were also forced to come here because the gem cat’s curse had already been formed. They would be attacked no matter where they were. It was better to come to the source. However, they didn’t expect that not only them, but so many experts were actually cursed. Moreover, now that so many people had gathered, this cat girl was still so domineering.

Each of them was a powerful super divine of the Cosmic Sea. They had made illustrious contributions in the Starry Sky Battlefield. Wasn’t this cat girl afraid of causing the Cosmic Sea to tremble?

“Boom!”

In the next second, another mid-stage super divine was crushed by psychic power, and a source of transcendence erupted, making the eyes of the Prediction Owl, who was observing in the dark, light up.

“Damn, it’s so cool. Why is this cat so strong? I’m so envious.” The owl cried to death. It was fine if it was Shi Yu, but if the gem cat, who was also a hooligan, was like this… The owl wasn’t convinced.

“Buzz!”

In the next moment, another high-level super divine became the gem cat’s main target. However, this time, the gem cat’s psychic wave only repelled the other party and didn’t successfully insta-kill it.

After this high-level super divine resisted with difficulty, he sweated and heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he subconsciously smiled.

“I thought you were so arrogant and strong, but it turns out you’re only at the high-level super divine level.”

In the dark, the owl covered its mouth. Although the gem cat didn’t erupt with all its might now and didn’t have a stronger aura than when it postured with them, no matter what, this was also an attack at the peak of the super divine level. It was actually regarded by others as a high-level super divine… the weakest peak super divine mace!

As expected of you. You’re already at the peak of the super divine level, but you still sit firmly on the weakest throne.

The gem cat: ???

In the face of its opponent’s provocation, the gem cat gritted its teeth fiercely. “I’m not angry either.” It erupted with stronger psychic power.

Boom!!

“Everyone, work together and kill this cat,” the high-level super divine said.

When the dozen or so super divines heard that, their expressions immediately turned cold. They nodded heavily. There weren’t many simple factions that dared to attack the rare race of the World King Planet, the Star Prayer Race, and adopt the Star Prayer Race as slaves. Their strength was naturally needless to say.

Under the joint efforts of more than ten super divines, their strength was mastered, and they easily pushed away the psychic sweep this time.

“Hu…” In the next moment, these super divines sighed and looked at the unhappy gem cat girl opposite them.

Although they said that it wasn’t strong, this Star Prayer Race indeed gave them a huge pressure.

“Sir, do you know what you’re doing?”

“From today onwards, there will be no place for you in the entire Cosmic Sea.”

“Even if you can escape, your family and friends can forget about surviving in this world from now on.” A super divine who had transcended level seven looked at the gem cat with a murderous aura.

Gem Cat: “?”

“Are you crazy?” The gem cat mocked softly. “Forget it, I won’t play with you anymore. In that case, I’ll show you my true strength.”

She took a deep breath. Ten colorful suns suddenly appeared behind her, enveloping the entire World King Planet under the phenomenon of the ten-colored sun.

As soon as the phenomenon appeared, the hearts of the super divines who still wanted to resist just now trembled, and they revealed incredulous expressions again.

“Peak super divine??”

They originally thought that this Star Prayer Race could only transcend nine times at most, but now, the number of transcendence sources of the gem cat immediately stunned them. They couldn’t understand why a peak super divine had suddenly been born.

“Who said I was weak just now…” The gem cat’s gaze swept across, and a ten-colored Psychic wave instantly penetrated. In the next moment, a high-level super divine body was crushed, and it died with grievances. There were still its shocked mental fluctuations in the starry sky.

“Well, you seem to have eaten the Star Prayer Race before. You deserve to die.” The gem cat looked at a dragon-shaped super divine again and swept its gaze over. This dragon-shaped super divine’s body also suddenly exploded.

In the World King Planet, countless people watched this terrifying live broadcast and were extremely shocked. Seeing these big shots whose names shook the starry sky being crushed like chickens in the hands of this cat girl, they were all afraid.

Boom!! Boom! Boom!!

Just now, the super divines thought that they could resist, but now, even high-level super divines were extremely panicked when facing the gem cat.