Chapter 1839 - Chapter 1839 Sword Slash Cosmic Level (3)

Chapter 1839 Sword Slash Cosmic Level (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“After hearing your information, the heir of a Red Ant branch I serve wants to see you. What do you think, Brother Lu Bai?”

“I shouldn’t be able to refuse, right…” Shi Yu said, “The person seems to be already here.”

As Shi Yu spoke, the surrounding space was torn open. A Red Ant person with two mantis worm guards walked out of the void and looked at the old doorman and Shi Yu, who was sitting and drinking tea.

“Old Gray, this is the Lu Bai you mentioned, right? Peak divine-level, contracted a perfect divine-level butterfly beast.”

After this face appeared, it had distinct edges and corners. In the eyes of humans, it was even a little handsome. It smiled and looked at the old doorman and Shi Yu sitting opposite.

“Young Master, this is the expert from that small world, Lu Bai.”

Shi Yu also looked at the genius of the Red Ant Race. To be honest, Shi Yu had destroyed at least ten sacks of worm geniuses stronger than it when he transcended the Divine Realm… Was this guy trying to recruit him?

Eh, so troublesome.

“Sir, how about serving me? Follow me. After I become the head of the family, I can let you become a first-level noble…” This young master of the Red Ant noble family was quite direct.

Shi Yu said, “I’ll definitely do it next time.”

“Huh??” The Red Ant noble was at a loss.

“There, after I came here, I happened to encounter Princess Judy. She seems to have taken a fancy to me, so she probably can’t serve you anymore, Young Master,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Ah, this…” The young master of the Red Ant noble family said, “What’s going on? You just arrived at the Worm King Ruins and you’re already relying on Her Highness Judy??”

“How is this possible?” The old doorman beside him also said with an incredulous expression, “You’re referring to Princess Judy??”

Shi Yu shrugged and said, “Yes, perhaps she thinks I’m more handsome.”

“Are you lying?” The young master of the Red Ant noble family frowned. He was considered a little famous among the Red Ant Race. That royal daughter didn’t even look at her directly. What right did Shi Yu have? Although the royal daughter seemed to be a failed product, she was still the daughter of a queen after all. Her status was extremely noble.

“Brother Lu Bai, you can’t say that casually.” The old doorman also touched his wrinkled face and thought to himself that could it be that the princess really liked a pretty boy like Shi Yu??

“Wu…” At the side, Buggy was already used to its Beast Tamer’s shamelessness. They were clearly the ones who wanted to kidnap the other party, but they could say that the other party liked them…

“He passed?? He actually passed?!”

At this moment, a commotion suddenly came from various places. They saw that the information on the tower of the Worm King, which displayed the challenge of the crown princess, had been updated. Moreover, it had been updated to the fourth level in one go.

The representative, the Spider Princess, had already ascended to the fifth level. Although this battle result was nothing, it was the first time for Judy. Seeing that the Spider Princess was already so ferocious after just breaking through to the divine level and producing results comparable to a middle-level god, the bugs watching were surprised.

“Fourth level? Could it be that Princess Judy has finally activated her bloodline power?” On Shi Yu and the others’ side, the red ant young master was also attracted by the situation in the Worm King Tower and revealed a look of surprise.

“As expected of the son of that lord. Even if it fell silent at the start, there’s still a chance to soar into the sky. As long as it can grow to have super divine battle power within a hundred years, it won’t be abandoned by the Queen,” the old doorman said.

Next, the situation in the Worm King Tower was like it had been injected with steroids. Before anyone could react, it quickly updated to the tenth level, making everyone’s eyes widen.

“What a joke. I remember seeing the king’s daughter at the banquet last year. She’s still a quasi divine.”

“How did he have perfect divine battle power in such a short period of time? No, ordinary perfect divines can’t pass so quickly,” Young Master Red Ant said in confusion.

“Brother Lu Bai, haven’t you come into contact with the princess? What’s wrong with her?” The old doorman was also stunned.

“Who knows?” Shi Yu’s expression became serious. He didn’t know if the other party could pass the 11th level. This was the key. He hoped that nothing unexpected would happen.

In the end, there was still a little risk in wanting to abduct this guy. Even if he didn’t eat the Reincarnation Fruit, it was still unknown if it would attract the attention of the Worm Queen when the bloodline restrictions were lifted.

At the same time.

After obtaining Shi Yu’s help, the Spider King Maiden quickly arrived at the 11th level. Killing the illusions on the first 10 levels was as simple as drinking water. There was no pressure at all. After all, her “Broken World Thread” skill, which was the combination skill of “Space Control+Buggy” taught her, had already been raised to (Perfect+47).

Unfortunately, relying on this temporary increase to reach this point seemed to be the limit. On the 11th level, the Spider King Maiden faced the super divine turtle that carried a continent on its back in front of her and retreated step by step.

It was impossible for her, who wasn’t yet an epoch god, to be a match.

“As expected…” After confirming that it was very difficult for her to defeat this huge turtle, the Spider Princess revealed an indignant expression.

She didn’t expect that even if she obtained such a huge opportunity, she was still so weak and couldn’t do anything well. She wanted to break through at the last minute, but she couldn’t find an opportunity.

Super Divine Will wasn’t that easy to be born.

[Judy.] Just as the Spider Princess was already bleeding and still unable to break through the huge turtle’s defense, a high and mighty voice suddenly sounded in the Spider Princess’s heart, making her expression change and her face turn pale.