Chapter 1830 - Chapter 1830: Sick (2)

Chapter 1830: Sick (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Soon, the two cats gathered beside Shi Yu.

“You should be able to predict which ruins are the most suitable for you, right?”

The Prediction Owl touched the crystal ball and muttered, “Old Ying, quickly buff me.”

“Climb.” The gem cat exploded in anger. It was fine if it was Shi Yu, but how could a small early-stage super divine like him dare to?

“How disrespectful. Be careful, I’ll curse you to encounter cosmic disasters every day.”

“I’m just kidding…” The Prediction Owl smiled in embarrassment and said, “Ying God, come and give me a buff.”

“Ling, you come too.” A green and white Rubik’s Cube appeared beside Shi Yu’s shoulder. He distributed the power of his luck to the Prediction Owl, hoping that it would be lucky enough to predict the location of valuable ruins.

Soon, luck and the power of the Star Prayer worked on the Prediction Owl. It held the crystal ball with a serious expression and predicted according to the star map provided by Shi Yu.

In the next moment.

As expected, with the support of a pile of super experts and supreme divine weapons, the owl’s premonition was very successful. Soon, the crystal ball mapped the future content and a coordinate appeared.

However, at the same time, a chaotic spatial power also made the Prediction Owl’s brain rumble. Many complicated information appeared like needles, making her suddenly cover her head and scream.

“Hello.”

The owl’s change shocked Shi Yu and the others. Fortunately, it was only for an instant. She recovered with sweat all over her face. Although she was still holding her head and panting, her expression looked calm.

“Teacher Owl, are you alright? What’s going on?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s alright,” the owl said. “It’s just that this ruin is a little special. His master might still…”

“Still be alive in this universe!”

“Oh?” Shi Yu said.

The owl said, “It’s this era ruin that was created by someone in the last era. However, this creator, like you, successfully came to this era as a transmigrator.”

“It’s precisely because of this that the interference I suffered this time is a little strong.”

Shi Yu frowned and said, “Huh?”

Empress?

Shi Yu immediately thought of the empress. Was it a ruin created by this guy in his previous life?

“This location is the Vegetable Star Domain.” Shi Yu looked at the crystal ball and said, “The border star domain of the Cosmic Sea close to the worm nest…”

“Right.”

“Are you sure that this ruin is the most suitable era ruin for me to explore now?” Shi Yu touched his chin and said, “I thought that you would divine a ruin related to the ‘evolution-type cosmic treasure’.”

“In the end, it’s a ruin with information about transmigrators. Why do I feel that there’s a pit again?”

“Do you want to explore?” the gem cat asked. “Go, go. It definitely sounds like there’s important information.”

Shi Yu said, “You just want to chase me away. Forget it, since your premonition results are out, let’s make a trip.”

Vegetable Star Domain was a very special star domain. It was located at the border of the Cosmic Sea and was one of the few star domains closest to the worm nest. It was very similar to the geographical location of the Blue Star Domain.

Shi Yu’s curiosity was still aroused by the owl and the others’ divination. He arrived at a planet in the Vegetable Star Region.

In a huge mountain, Shi Yu walked in the wild forest in the mountains and sensed the situation of the era ruins.

“Interesting.” Shi Yu strolled here for a long time and kept using his Passage of Time skill, but he couldn’t crack and open this ruin. This ruin was built relatively high-level.

Beside Shi Yu, Eleven and Ling were also following beside him and giving advice. In fact, Ling was the only one giving advice. It was unknown if Eleven was still a child or clueless, but it had already climbed onto the big tree beside it. It broke the branch with a palm and directly made the red worm lying on it fall.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven made a declaration of victory.

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, the corners of Buggy’s mouth twitched when it saw its “super distant relative” end up in the same situation as its young self.

“There are many bug-type creatures here. Although we haven’t reached the worm nest, it’s already comparable to the insect paradise,” Ling said.

“Yeah, but this isn’t the key. The key is why can’t we open this ruin!” Shi Yu gritted his teeth.

This was the first time he had suffered a loss in cracking ruins after obtaining the power system of the last era.

After all, he had easily broken through even the mechanical ruins of the previous era, and it was at a low level. Now that he was close to the cosmic level, this lousy ruin couldn’t be broken?

Of course, it was actually not a problem to forcefully tear it down, but that would damage the information and resources inside the ruins. Shi Yu still wanted to use the normal process to make it more sensible.

“You can’t do this.”

Just as Shi Yu was in deep thought, a voice suddenly came from behind them.

Upon hearing this voice, be it Shi Yu, Eleven, or Ling, they shuddered.

Shi Yu suddenly turned around and saw the Super Empress descending from behind.

“Why are you here?”

“Could it be that the owner of this ruin is really you?”

The Super Empress turned to look at Shi Yu and said, “I have nothing to do with this ruin.”

“Then you… Huh? Could it be that you’re protecting me all the way?” Shi Yu said.

The Super Empress said, “Don’t flatter yourself. My goal is also this ruin.”

“You’re not the only one who can know the specialness of this ruin.”

“Alright…” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Then, Your Majesty, what do you think? Do you know what’s going on with this ruin?”