Chapter 1834 - Chapter 1834 The Third Transmigrator (2)

Chapter 1834 The Third Transmigrator (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

He teleported out of the tomb and into the sky. Psychic waves began to envelop this world.

Soon, he could see the situation in this world clearly. There were about ten divine-level experts in this world, and the highest was at the sixth level of the divine level. They were mainly humans, but they were still too weak. It was impossible for them to resist the Red Ant.

Of course, Shi Yu was mainly looking for traces of the third transmigrator. After about ten minutes of perception, Shi Yu frowned and said, “As expected, it’s not that simple. There are no traces of transmigrators.”

“Although a few humans are indeed reincarnated, the spatial fluctuations on their bodies don’t match. They’re just natives of this world.”

“Then let’s see where the entrance to the Worm King Ruins is,” Ling said. “We’ll look there.”

“But I remember that the Ruins of the Worm King… seems to be a place that only life forms with bug-type bloodlines can enter.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu was stunned. “Then in that case, I can’t enter?…”

“That’s not it. Human Beast Tamers with hybrids of humans and bugs should also have insect-type bloodlines, so Master, as long as you fuse with Buggy, you should be able to enter.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

Shi Yu sighed and directly fused with the Buggy bloodline in the Beast Taming Space. There were no changes to his body, mainly because with his physical control attainments, he could already suppress these changes at will.

It didn’t matter if he fused with Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others, but Shi Yu had to be careful when fusing with Buggy.

He didn’t want to dye the thing on his head green.

He could accept red hair, white hair, blue hair, and purple hair, but not green hair.

“Ji!” Buggy was disappointed. Shi Yu was even unwilling to become its color.

“The next time you evolve, evolve into other colors, such as the flash blue of the Butterfly of Imagination, I can accept it,” Shi Yu said.

“Wuu” Buggy replied.

After turning himself into a Beast Tamer who looked like a hybrid of a wormman, Shi Yu immediately found the so-called entrance to the Worm King’s Ruins. This place was close to the seal of the starry sky. It was a huge vortex under the starry sky. It should be able to teleport the person who entered to other places.

The closer they were to this place, the stronger the pressure. If they didn’t have strength close to the peak of the divine level, they couldn’t even approach the entrance of the Worm King Ruins.

After confirming many times that there was no information about the third transmigrator in this small world, Shi Yu chose to enter and take a look. In the next moment, he entered the Worm King Ruins. Right on the heels of that, he arrived at a huge mountain range filled with a sea of clouds and thunder. This place seemed to be a door formed by a natural natural natural chasm environment. It was majestic and spectacular.

On a main peak in the mountain range, the only life fluctuation here was spread. It was actually a rare human old man. Shi Yu was rather surprised. He didn’t expect that the one guarding the entrance of the Worm King Ruins wasn’t the insect race, but the human race.

Of course, it was still a hybrid human. The other party’s tentacles were clearly not what ordinary humans could have, but in other aspects, it wasn’t much different from humans.

As Shi Yu arrived, the old man on the main peak also appeared leisurely and looked at Shi Yu, who had descended.

“How many years has it been since an expert like you was born in this small world?”

“A middle-level world with more than 1 billion cultivation population actually can’t even give birth to a late-stage divine level expert after so many years. It deserves to be enslaved by the Red Ant for so many years…” The old man expected better from someone.

When Shi Yu heard the other party’s complaint, he felt that it was nothing. There was no need to be so angry.

He knew that in a country with more than a billion people, there weren’t even many who could play football.

“Who are you?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s nothing. You can be considered a ‘worker’ under the Red Ant Race. You were assigned to this place to be the guard of the Worm King Ruins. The fact that you can come here means that your strength isn’t bad. Then, I’ll explain it to you simply.”

“As long as your strength obtains my recognition, you can enter the true Worm King Ruins. At the same time, you can also advance to a ‘second-level noble’ and liberate your world.”

“So simple?” Shi Yu said. “Then how exactly do I obtain your recognition? Battle?”

“Simple? Heh heh, this kid’s tone is not small. Although I’m also a human, restricted by the contract, I won’t go easy.”

“The first method is to defeat me. The second is for you to have a Beast Taming level at the peak of the divine level, or for your pet to have the realm of a perfect divine.”

“If you satisfy one of the three, then…”

Before the old man could finish speaking, the phantom of the tenth heaven spread behind Shi Yu. In the phantom, a beautiful butterfly that was shining blue like an illusion flew out.

A perfect divine aura was undoubtedly displayed.

“Wu.” The form of the Green Silkworm was too sensitive. Buggy still recovered and became the form of the Butterfly of Imagination. At the same time, both Shi Yu and Buggy hid their strength to the peak of the divine level.

However, just this level made the expression of the original guard of the Worm King’s Ruins turn cold. He said in confusion, “Who exactly are you?”

“I’ve understood the situation in this small world. It’s impossible for an expert like you to exist.”

“In terms of battle, there should be no need, right?” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “In addition, I might be older than you.”

“When I was sleeping, the Red Ant Race had yet to invade this world. When I woke up this time, everything changed. After an old antique like me woke up, I naturally had to interfere.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the guard of the Worm King’s Ruins fell silent. A former expert who existed before the Red Ant invaded this world?