Chapter 1833 - Chapter 1833 The Third Transmigrator (1)

Chapter 1833 The Third Transmigrator (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“He can’t be saved.”

“I’m helpless.”

After Shi Yu heard the girl’s words, he stood there and shook his head.

He was really helpless.

It would be fine if it was another race, but it just had to be the Red Ant.

As one of the thirteen nobles under the Queen of the Worms, to put it bluntly, they were directly related to the Queen.

If he wanted to challenge their rules, he undoubtedly had to fight the Red Ant Race head-on.

Even if Shi Yu could defeat a Red Ant Race, the people in this world were still too weak.

Without the Red Ant enslaving them, there were still other insect races enslaving them.

In this Worm Nest, the Worm Race was the largest. Shi Yu was helpless to change this situation because he couldn’t defeat the Worm Queen.

There were too many weak people. It was impossible to save them. Everything still had to follow the law of the forest, just like how there were only poor people on Earth and weak people in the transcendent world.

If he wanted to do anything, he still had to rely on himself to become stronger. Relying on others wouldn’t work.

He looked at the girl in front of him and tapped gently. The other party immediately fell asleep in a daze and stopped crying.

“Master, you’re so heartless,” Ling said.

“I want to be affectionate too, but I’m too weak and not familiar with her. It’s more important to carry out the mission,” Shi Yu said. “If the Dong Huang humans are enslaved, I’ll definitely save them even if I have to die!”

Ling said, “As expected of Master, but actually, there’s a relatively simple way to change the situation of this world.”

“You seem to be very familiar with this place,” Shi Yu said.

Ling said, “Of course, I’m learning at all times.”

“Master, observe if this world is sealed by the Red Ant Race now.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu could clearly sense that he couldn’t sense any star power on the continent he was in.

It was as if he was locked in a box and couldn’t come into contact with the starry sky of the universe at all.

“Generally speaking, no one can leave a world ruled by the Red Ants,” Ling said.

“Even if we want to get out, we have to pass the seal first, just like the tomb seal just now.”

Shi Yu pondered. He didn’t know if he could break through the seal and not be detected by the other party.

Logically speaking, it should be possible. The Empress had sent him in without anyone noticing. Even if he was inferior to the Empress, it shouldn’t be a problem to deceive a seal.

“And apart from breaking the seal and leaving, there’s actually another way,” Ling said.

“Can you finish speaking in one go?” Shi Yu curled his lips.

“Good, good, good~”

“Generally speaking, a special passage will be opened in the world enslaved by the thirteen great worm nobles.”

“The special passage leads to a small universe called ‘Buggy King Ruins’.”

“You can reach other places through the ‘Buggy King Ruins’.”

What Ling said touched Shi Yu’s knowledge blind spot again.

“The Ruins of the Worm King is maintained by a cosmic treasure. It’s a mystic realm established by the Worm Queen and managed by the thirteen great worm nobles. This place is meant to nurture more experts for the Worm Race and choose new nobles.”

“As long as a powerful insect is born in any small world, there’s a chance to obtain the gift of the insect noble and become a second-rate noble. At the same time, this world where a second-rate noble is born can also be exempted from food offerings and obtain freedom.”

“After all, the Worm Race invaded other worlds only for resources. If an expert who gives them a headache appears in this world, they need to be enemies with this expert to obtain resources. It’s a little not worth it. Instead of both parties suffering, it’s better to give the other party special privileges and turn enemies into friends.”

“Therefore, if there are no too important resources in a world and there are powerful experts, the Red Ant will give up invading. After all, the Red Ant’s army is also a very precious resource. Of course, there are rare resources in this world. For example, Blue Planet at that time couldn’t escape the fate of being invaded no matter what, even if it had to mobilize a super divine.”

“Also, the ‘expert’ I mentioned above also has a restriction, which is that the race has to be bug-type.”

“In the Worm Nest, there’s a rule. Although the worms can devour any other life form, they don’t advocate devouring the worms. Even low-level worms like the Green Silkworm are superior to others in the eyes of the worms in the Worm Nest, even more honorable than humans.”

[Buggy: Ling!]

“Therefore, only the world occupied by the experts of the insect race can obtain the respect of the worms. Therefore, in the world we’re in, many factions are like this Butterfly Transformation Holy Land, nurturing the worm element. It can’t be helped. The worm element is superior in the Worm Nest.”

Shi Yu said, “I see.”

“Therefore, if we disguise ourselves as the ancient experts of this world and enter the Ruins of the Worm King, this world will also receive the attention of the Red Ant Race and be liberated.”

“Of course, it’s still treating the symptoms but not the root cause. If you want to obtain the right to speak permanently, it still depends on the development of this world.”

“However, the most important thing now is to find the third transmigrator quickly. If there are no traces of the other party in this small world, let’s go to the Worm King Ruins to take a look. Just the area under the jurisdiction of the Red Ants in that small universe should have gathered the powerful lives of the various star areas. If the other party is a transmigrator, he shouldn’t be an incompetent person. He must be active towards a higher platform.”

“Apart from that, there are also various resources targeting the insect race in the Worm King Ruins. Perhaps I can go here to see if there are any evolution materials Buggy needs.”