Chapter 1832 - Chapter 1832 Sick (4)

Chapter 1832 Sick (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Ancestor, bless Father not to be eaten.” The girl’s voice made Shi Yu fall into deep thought.

Why did the Empress teleport him to the ruins of someone else’s tomb?

If things went wrong, they might even be treated as tomb raiders!

After his spiritual power observed the surrounding human and insect corpses, Shi Yu felt a chill.

“Damn it.” Shi Yu cursed in a low voice. He was now certain that he had been teleported to the ground by the Empress and was being buried.

“And a seal. Ridiculous.”

Shi Yu directly broke free of the seal.

Boom.

At the same time, the ground cracked, and the entire tomb ruin trembled violently.

In the next moment, the eyes of the girl who was praying in front of the tomb suddenly widened. She looked at the cracked ruins in disbelief and the young man who crawled out of the ground.

This young man was about 15 to 16 years old. He had long hair, a handsome face, and was wearing a cotton shirt. It was Shi Yu. To be precise, it was the appearance of Beast Shi Yu when he was 15 to 16 years old.

After arriving at a dangerous place, Shi Yu naturally used his physical control talent to change his form and become what he looked like in his previous life.

“You, you, you, you…” At this moment, the girl who had just worshiped her ancestors saw someone coming out of the tomb with a panicked expression.

Shi Yu was calm. He looked at her and said, “You should be a disciple of the Butterfly Holy Land, right?”

When the girl, who looked about the same age as Beast Shi Yu, heard Shi Yu’s question, she gulped and nodded.

“I’m…”

“Could it be, could it be?” she said. “Ancestor, you really heard my prayer and came back to life?”

Shi Yu’s expression darkened again. “What are you talking about? I’m not dead to begin with.”

Although this was a tomb, it was a ruin after all. As long as it was in the ruin, nothing could hide from Shi Yu.

He had already known where this was through listening to the Voice of History.

This was the tomb ruins of a super Beast Taming faction called the Butterfly Holy Land. The ancestor of the Butterfly Holy Land and their pets that could be traced back to hundreds of thousands of years ago were buried inside.

The reason why there was a layer of seal was because the people buried inside were very strong. The weakest was at least at the divine level, and it was easy to breed evil spirits.

Shi Yu waved his hand and applied another layer of seal on the tomb. Then, he looked at the young but noble girl and said, “You can treat me as your ancestor. I was reborn after death. I’ve been in seclusion here and slept for a long time. I don’t know what the situation is outside.”

“Come and introduce me.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the girl cried.

“Ancestor, save my father. He, he’s going to be eaten.”

“If you cry again, I’ll eat you first.” Shi Yu frowned.

The other party’s expression immediately tensed up, not daring to cry anymore.

“What’s going on?” Although Shi Yu looked young, in this transcendent universe, it wasn’t strange for him to have a young face and live for millions of years. When this girl saw Shi Yu climb out of the bottom of the tomb, she already thought that Shi Yu was the ancestor of the Butterfly Holy Land.

“Ancestor, you’ve been in seclusion for too long. You might not know.”

“120,000 years ago, our world was invaded by a race called ‘Red Ants’. After they invaded our world, they requested that one divine-level human and ten Level 9 humans be sacrificed as food every 100 years. Only then can our world continue to be stable.”

“One of the sacrifices chosen in this hundred years is my father.”

“Red Ant.” When Shi Yu heard this familiar name, he immediately understood everything. On World King Planet, he had fought a Red Ant that had joined the cosmic overlord army, the 177th Army.

The Red Ant was one of the 13 noble insect races of the Worm Mother Nest. It ate humans. So, the Empress had teleported herself to the Red Ant’s territory? Although the humans on this Beast Taming Continent were quite strong, it seemed to be just a food warehouse for the Red Ant.