Chapter 1831 - Chapter 1831 Sick (3)

Chapter 1831 Sick (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“This is an exclusive ruin. Only specific people, specific bloodlines, and specific soul traces can open it. Something extremely important to the other party should be stored inside.”

“Moreover, ever since this ruin survived from the last era until now, there have been traces of it being opened once.”

Shi Yu said, “Therefore, the owner of this ruin is indeed still alive. It’s somewhere.”

“Yes.” The Empress nodded.

“Did the identity of the owner of the ruins as a transmigrator attract you?” Shi Yu asked.

The Empress shook her head and said, “A little, but not all. Didn’t you feel it?”

“What do you feel?”

“The universe is sick.”

“The universe is sick???” Shi Yu was stunned.

The Super Empress said, “Yes, the universe is sick for unknown reasons. Although the illness is relatively light now, the loss of the lifespan of the universe has already begun to slowly accelerate.”

“The one with a clearer perception of this should be a planetary life form. You can let your star pet sense its communication with the power of the universe. Isn’t it much more difficult?”

“Mi…” Little Zi was at a loss as the Beast Taming Space left.

It sensed it carefully and was slightly shocked. Although it wasn’t very obvious, it did feel very different from before.

This subtle feeling was difficult to observe at all. In most cases, they would think that it was because of their state. Even if they sensed it, they wouldn’t think that the universe was sick.

“After I sensed this, I was worried that the state of the universe might affect you contracting the universe, so I started to search for the reason,” the empress said. “In the end, I found this place. It seems that there’s a final explanation for this ruin.”

“Looks like although you didn’t discover any abnormalities, you also came here through other methods. This means that the illness of the universe is destined to have a certain impact on you.”

After hearing the Empress’s words, Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “I see. Then, if we want to crack this ruin, it looks like we have to find its original owner.”

“In other words, apart from the two of us, the third ‘transmigrator’ whose identity can be confirmed.”

“Yes.” The Empress nodded.

“You should have come here before me, right? Did you discover anything?” Shi Yu asked.

The Empress was a cosmic-level old demon who had lived for an unknown period of time. Her methods should be much richer than young people like him.

“The other party has already died and reincarnated again,” the Empress said.

“If I’m not wrong, the other party should have reincarnated into the worm nest.”

“The Worm Nest?” Shi Yu said. “Where are we going to find it…”

“Isn’t the territory of the Worm Queen a little dangerous… Back then, in the transcendent Divine Realm, I killed many of his people and had several heirs and descendants…”

“I’ll leave this to Your Majesty. I’ll wait for your good news,” Shi Yu immediately said. He didn’t want to go to the worm nest.

“Unfortunately,” the Super Empress said. “That guy and I also have aggro. We were once permanently forbidden by her from stepping into the worm nest. Although it doesn’t matter if we forcefully enter, it’s easy to cause a greater conflict.”

“This matter still has to be handed to you to investigate. I’ll leave a protective layer on you to ensure your safety and hide your identity. As long as you don’t take the initiative to cause trouble, you should be able to successfully complete the mission and return.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“What? Why have you even provoked the Worm Queen? In addition to the World King and the cosmic overlord… Why do I feel that you’re more troublesome than me?” Shi Yu said.

The Empress said, “We’re about the same, but you’re weaker. It’s not easy to attract the other party’s attention.”

“Moreover, the Worm Mother Nest is the universe of the Worm Race. Over there, there are many worm-type resources. Your worm-type pet might be able to obtain cosmic opportunities over there.”

Shi Yu took a deep breath and said, “Alright, I’ll go, but if there’s danger…”

“I know. I’ll save you and bring you back.”

“Deal.”

Shi Yu knew that the exploration of the ruins of the era definitely wouldn’t be that smooth. Now, he was extremely dizzy and didn’t know what was going on.

According to the Empress, he would definitely be noticed if he directly entered the worm nest from the Cosmic Sea. Therefore, the Empress directly used special methods to teleport Shi Yu over.

At that time, where he would appear, how to differentiate his location, and how to find the third transmigrator would depend on Shi Yu’s own abilities.

However, the Empress said that she would try her best to teleport Shi Yu near the third transmigrator. Through the traces of the era ruins, she had already locked onto the approximate location of the third transmigrator.

“If the other party is a reincarnated transmigrator, with the power of Baby Ginseng and Qi, I should be able to recognize the other party’s identity.”

Just like how Goddess Wa and the World King could tell his identity back then, if the other party’s strength after reincarnation wasn’t very strong, Shi Yu felt that he should be able to tell. After all, his spatial attainments weren’t low now.

However, what Shi Yu wanted to know the most now was where the Empress had teleported him to. Why was it so dark here? Shi Yu clearly felt that he had already landed steadily.

“Holy sh*t.”

However, at that time, when Yu’s state was stable and he released his mental strength to confirm where he was, he was directly stunned.

The surrounding lifeless environment…

In addition, when Shi Yu saw a girl kneeling not far away and praying for something, his expression darkened.