Chapter 1845 - Chapter 1845 Acknowledging Mother And Validating The Dao (4)

Chapter 1845 Acknowledging Mother and Validating the Dao (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“I’ll help you open the ruins.” After the other party finished speaking, Shi Yu snapped his fingers and said, “I was waiting for you to say this.”

“Passage of Time, open.” His eyes filled with mental fluctuations. At the same time, a special power appeared on the Spider Princess beside him. Shi Yu’s current behavior was equivalent to treating the other party as a key and inserting it into the ruins, wanting to twist and open the ruins!

Although the process of searching for the key was a little more complicated, fortunately, the opening process was abnormally smooth.

Boom.

Under the continuous vibration, the ruins finally opened. This Spider King Daughter was indeed a third transmigrator. After her body resonated with the ruins, golden light appeared around her, and a new world seemed to have been born.

Buzz!!!

However, to Shi Yu’s surprise, the Empress, who was observing in secret, didn’t expect that there were no special items in this ruin. It didn’t look like there was anything at all.

However, only the Spider Princess’s body suddenly changed after opening the ruins.

First, its aura rose steadily, and soon, it rose from the perfect divine level to the super divine wave. However, this super divine wave wasn’t the cultivation system power of this era, but the cultivation system power of the previous era.

It was similar to the physical source power of Beast Shi Yu.

After a golden light enveloped her, in the end, an aura comparable to a peak super divine appeared in her body. This power shocked Shi Yu and the duck in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space.

A familiar power wave… Its nature… was very similar to the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff!

So, the meaning of the existence of this ruin was to seal the power of the third transmigrator, or even some of her memories?

At this moment, as the aura of the third transmigrator changed drastically, from the poisonous worm element, her entire body was filled with a holy aura. She slowly opened her eyes again and looked at Shi Yu.

“Amitabha…”

“Thank you for bringing me out of the Worm Mother Nest.”

As soon as the Spider Queen finished speaking, Shi Yu was undoubtedly silent by this guy. He looked at the bald Spider Queen and said,

“Kid, you’re actually a little nun?”

“So, you have the memories of the last era??”

The Spider Princess said regretfully, “Unfortunately, I don’t have the memories of the last era. After awakening, I only remember the cultivation method and some rules of the last era.”

“So what exactly is going on? Why did you seal your power and memories here? Why were you eaten by the queen?” Shi Yu lowered his arms that were wrapped around him. The other party’s awakening undoubtedly made Shi Yu 200% more alert.

The spider nun was silent for a moment before saying, “I should have awakened earlier than you, benefactor. When I came to this era, this era had just been born.”

“I, who didn’t have any memories, wandered in this universe in a daze and did some things that needed to be done until a ruin from the last era appeared.”

“In the ruins of this cosmic era, there’s a cosmic treasure from the last era left behind by a cosmic creature.”

“Before the restart of the last era, many cosmic life forms wanted to resist. Among them, a cosmic life form’s actions were the most extreme. Since the universe isn’t willing to give all living beings a way out, he’s also unwilling to let the universe successfully restart. It wants to completely destroy the universe and make the universe completely disappear.”

“It developed a cosmic virus that can accelerate the consumption of the lifespan of the universe. Unfortunately, it was a step too late in the end. In the end, he could only try to pass this ‘cosmic virus’ to the next era.”

“This virus is extremely dangerous. The conditions to use it are harmful to the heavens. After obtaining this information in the ruins, I originally wanted to recover this virus and seal it again, but others beat me to it, so an irreconcilable conflict arose between us.”

“And this life form is the current Dark King!”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

“In the end, I lost to the Dark King and was cursed by the cosmic virus. I died ten times over. Although I barely escaped, it was very difficult to see any hope of survival.”

“After sealing myself for countless billions of years, I still couldn’t find a way to break the curse. Until the last moment, I made a gamble. I separated my strength, memories, and body from each other and sent my body to another cosmic emperor, the Worm Queen, who was searching for a rare species. I wanted to rely on its devouring skills to digest and give it the power of new life to see if I could successfully reincarnate before searching for strength and memories.”

“In the situation at that time, only the Worm Queen, who could even devour and transform the source of pollution, had the chance to cleanse the curse on my body.”

“From the looks of it, I succeeded in the bet.” She smiled and said, “It’s just that… the current race and stats are really too different from what I expected.”

Facing this little nun, Shi Yu and the Empress fell silent. No one expected things to turn out like this.

The Spider Princess said, “Obviously, the reason why you’re looking for me is because the Dark King used that cosmic virus again to infect the universe, right?”

“After so many years, my strength is still so weak. I shouldn’t be a match for the current Dark King who dominates the universe. It shouldn’t remember me, its former enemy.”

“However, as its old opponent, apart from it, I’m indeed the person who knows that cosmic virus the most. I’ve also developed a way to counter it over countless years.”

“If you need it, I can share it. At the same time, I can also cooperate with you to fight the Dark King.”

“I see.” At this moment, the Empress slowly appeared and said, “The method to make the universe abnormal came from the cosmic experts of the last era? No wonder it’s difficult to find the source.”

“Little spider, since you’ve studied the cosmic virus, teach me all the methods you know to counter the cosmic virus,” the Empress said.

“Little spider…” The Spider Queen’s eyelids twitched. She was also very helpless about her transformation into a spider. She said, “Benefactor, you should call me little nun.”

“I want to learn too, I want to learn too.” Shi Yu was also excited at this moment. “Is it the cultivation system of the Buddhist sects? To be honest, my Duckie also cultivates.”

“Let it learn from you too. It happens to be an Abyss Race. It can absorb the negative energy of the universe and use it as an experiment.”

Duckie: Alert.jpg

Little Ji: Alert.jpg