Chapter 1841 - Chapter 1841 Acknowledging A Thief As A Mother

Chapter 1841 Acknowledging a Thief as a Mother

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

First, the strengthened Buggy blocked the Queen’s phantom attack in one hit. Then, the mysterious person severed the Queen’s arm with a sword.

Such a scene was undoubtedly very ridiculous for the nobles of the Worm Mother Nest.

The super divines from the thirteen areas of the Worm Races were stunned when they saw the phantom of the Queen, whose arm had been severed.

For the worm super divine, although it could sense that this phantom was only derived from the bloodline of the king’s daughter, and its strength might not even be 1% of its main body, it was completely not something ordinary peak super divines could deal with.

What exactly was going on now?

Countless people looked at Shi Yu, who was facing the Queen’s phantom, with explosive gazes, not understanding who he was.

“Shi Yu…”

At this moment, the Queen’s phantom finally spoke.

“You killed many of my heirs and countless clansmen, and you still dare to come to the Worm Nest. You’re quite bold. Aren’t you afraid of death?”

“Your Majesty, in the universe, there are always some helpless actions. I have no choice. Please forgive me.” Shi Yu smiled.

The conversation between the two parties shocked the nobles on the Worm King Ruins.

Even countless nobles’ eyes began to turn red as they stared at Shi Yu intently.

This name…

Many people were very familiar with it!

The legendary future seventh cosmic emperor, Shi Yu!

It was him who killed dozens of mutant Insect super divines in the battle to transcend the origin.

He also killed countless mutant insect geniuses.

It could be said that among the thirteen great worm nobles, experts had died in Shi Yu’s hands.

At that moment, no one expected that Shi Yu would actually dare to come to the Worm Nest. He even faced the Queen at this moment.

Was he really not afraid of death?

He was definitely afraid of death. At this moment, Shi Yu was already crazily calling the Empress to save him.

He could still deal with this bloodline phantom, but after the Queen’s true body descended, crushing him was probably as simple as crushing an ant.

However, what Shi Yu was most worried about now was whether she would directly die if he forcefully left the Worm King Ruins without breaking the bloodline contract. In that case, that special era ruin couldn’t be opened.

He wondered if the Empress had a way to break the restrictions of the other party’s contract.

Boom!!!

As countless people were shocked, the two parties started to collide again. The Queen’s sharp claws and broken limbs regrew and instantly regenerated. At the same time, a layer of purple-gold substance spread and swept towards Shi Yu and the others again.

“What’s this? It’s not the power of the natural order, but a pure bloodline skill…”

Shi Yu and Buggy rarely saw such a move. As Shi Yu and Chi Tong entered the possession state, he divided his strength to strengthen Buggy and could only resist.

Several figures intertwined, and the entire Worm King Ruins began to rumble and tremble, like an apocalypse.

At the same time.

In the deepest part of the Worm Nest, the Worm Queen opened her eyes. However, before she could do anything else, an incomparably terrifying spiritual power enveloped the entire Worm Nest. A spiritual true body condensed in front of the Worm Queen.

The Worm Queen stared at the woman in front of her and said, “I think I said that you’re not welcome in my territory.”

“So, you’re indeed related to this human. You were the one who specially condensed it for him?”

“Like Cypos, you have an idea?”

The Super Empress also stared at the Worm Queen and said, “Although I don’t know why, I can sense that you don’t have any killing intent towards him. In that case, why don’t we let this matter end and let him leave?”

The Super Empress had also been offended by Shi Yu. At that time, when the Super Empress faced the Dark King, she could sense the Dark King’s strong desire to kill Shi Yu. However, this Worm Queen gave the Super Empress a different feeling.

This worm… had a goal.

“Your thinking is too naive,” the Worm Queen said, “But now, I don’t want to fight you. In that case, let’s negotiate.”

“What’s the real reason why you want to take Judy away?”

“Don’t tell me it’s just her identity as a transmigrator.”

“You should be able to sense the abnormality in the universe. According to my investigation, she has the key information to solve this problem,” the Empress said.

“The abnormality of the universe, isn’t that the Dark King’s doing? If it wants to invade the Cosmic Sea, it should first turn the universe into this state and weaken the power of the World King again.”

“I know,” the Super Empress said. “But the key is how to crack the abnormal methods the Dark King makes the universe produce.”

“This, I indeed don’t know,” the Worm Queen said. “So you want to stop the Dark King.”

The Super Empress didn’t care about the Cosmic Sea. However, if the Dark King did this and disturbed her plan, she definitely wouldn’t sit back and do nothing. Just like back then, her actions disturbed the plan of the cosmic overlord. The other party wouldn’t sit back and do nothing either.

“According to what I know, the Dark King has already made contact with the Beastmaster. It’s extremely difficult for the Cosmic Sea to survive this crisis unless Cypos takes action.”

“However, in Cypos’s current state, it might no longer care about this. The Dark King and the Beastmaster also took a fancy to this. They’re afraid that if they wait any longer, when that Shi Yu really becomes the seventh cosmic level, they won’t have the fate to enter the treasure land of the Cosmic Sea.”

“What about your attitude? It’s impossible for the Dark King not to have looked for you,” the Super Empress said. “You rejected it?”

“Of course,” the Worm Queen said. “I’m no longer interested in the species of the Cosmic Sea, and I don’t want to see the entire universe filled with those disgusting pollution races. If its invasion fails, I’ll be very happy.”

“Now, the only guys I’m interested in are the human you cultivated and his little worm that perfectly controls the power of the Green Dragon.”

The Super Empress sneered and said, “So you’re indeed still eyeing their bloodlines.”

“No, on account of you and the World King, I won’t eat them. I just want to make another attempt with them.”

“Speak.”

“My previous heirs were all born by me devouring various rare races and combining their bloodline power to integrate part of my own bloodline power.”

“I’ve already done enough of such experiments. Even if I give my descendants the power of a cosmic race, it’s very difficult to give birth to a cosmic heir.”

“Next, I plan to find an insect with potential and let it directly fuse with my bloodline to complete its evolution. I want to see where this final limit is. In other words, I want that green insect to acknowledge me as its mother and make it my 102nd son.”

“I see the future in it.”

“Since it can perfectly control the power of the Green Dragon, in theory, it can also perfectly control the power of my bloodline.”

“As long as I nurture a cosmic-level heir, I should be able to have strength comparable to Sepos.” The Worm Queen was also honest. Nurturing a heir was also one of its racial talents. If the strength of the heir reached the standard, her strength would also improve. Although she couldn’t break through a major realm, a small realm was still alright. The previous heir really couldn’t satisfy the Worm Queen. Now, it had its eye fixed on Buggy.

The combination of Buggy and Shi Yu was known as the seventh throne. She also took a fancy to this potential.

“Heh heh, do you think an expert like them who has the chance to ascend to the throne of the cosmic emperor will abandon their dignity and be your son?” After the Super Empress finished speaking, she suddenly fell silent and was a little unconfident.

Initially, the scene that the Super Empress imagined was Shi Yu and Buggy saying to the Worm Queen in disdain, “Are you worthy?”

However, for some reason, she suddenly imagined Shi Yu and Buggy saying excitedly, “There’s such a good thing?”

“Why don’t we leave it to them to choose?” the Worm Queen said.

“Sure,” the Super Empress also said.

Worm King Ruins.

The laws had been obliterated, and space and time had collapsed. Countless worm nobles looked at Shi Yu, who was fighting the queen’s phantom, trembling. They didn’t even have the power to get close.

Just as these people were waiting for the Queen’s true body to descend and kill Shi Yu, something unexpected happened. A crack appeared in the collapsed space and time, directly sucking Shi Yu, whose expression had changed, and devouring the Queen’s phantom.

In the center of the Worm Nest.

Shi Yu, who kept praying for the Empress to arrive quickly, arrived at a new environment. He looked around in confusion, as if he was facing a great enemy, thinking that it was the Worm Queen’s method.

However, when he realized that the main body of the Worm Queen and even the Super Empress were in front of him, he fell silent.

“Wu!!” Buggy, whose body was in tatters, also looked at the huge monster, the Queen of Worms, in shock. It felt a completely different pressure from the phantom just now.

“Shi Yu.” After the Super Empress pulled Shi Yu over, she said calmly, “Don’t worry, I’m here.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu sighed and looked at the Worm Queen, not understanding what was going on.

“We finally meet.” The Worm Queen looked at Shi Yu and Buggy and said, “Little brat, how about making a deal?”

“If the transaction is smooth, not only can you leave the Worm Nest freely, but you can also take Judy away. At the same time, your grudge with the Worm Nest will be written off.”

“What?” Shi Yu and Buggy looked at the Worm Queen warily.

“If I’m not wrong, the path of the universe you’re searching for for it should be ‘cocoon evolution’, right?”

“So what if it is?” Shi Yu said.

“It’s impossible for it to break through the shackles of the cosmic level just by relying on the normal evolution of the cocoon. I have a way to ensure that it advances to the cosmic level 100%. That is, I’ll give it a portion of my bloodline power and let it learn the strongest devour skill, Ultimate Devour. This way, be it before or after the cocoon transformation, it can absorb the nutrition used for evolution in its strongest state. Apart from that, the Worm Nest will also bear all the materials needed for its evolution. As for the price, it only needs to acknowledge me as its mother. How about that?”

When the Queen finished speaking, Shi Yu was stunned. He was momentarily stunned. “There’s such a good thing?”

“Wu wu wu.” Buggy was also a little stunned. There was such a good thing?

The Worm Queen looked at the Super Empress, who was clenching her fists. Even she didn’t expect it to go so smoothly.