Chapter 1846 - Chapter 1846 Revealing The True Intent Of Filial Piety (1)

Chapter 1846 Revealing the True Intent of Filial Piety (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Blue Planet…

Somewhere on a holiday beach.

After returning from the Super Empress, the gem cat enjoyed it in various ways. It was definitely going to make up for the hardships it had suffered these days.

She was lying comfortably on a beach chair in the form of a little cat. On the beach, a tall and handsome Demon Horned Beetle was holding a fan in one hand and seasonings in the other, making barbecue seafood.

Shi Yu was wrong to say that the gem cat had raised the young demon to death, but it was definitely not raised well. A demon of a Mythical Race had actually been reduced to a barbecue chef and did work that even its clones didn’t do.

“Are you done roasting?” the gem cat urged. “I’m starving… Seriously.”

“Hu…” The Demon Horned Beetle felt aggrieved.

It still remembered that it had just been born. The cat in front of it promised to make it the strongest and most handsome demon. In the end, in a few days, this cat sent it to a big fat pig called the Boar God to learn culinary skills…

“Hu!” The Demon Horned Beetle suddenly discovered the abnormality and looked at the light that appeared behind the gem cat.

Seeing who it was, it was secretly pleased. It felt that someone could teach Teacher Cat a lesson.

“Teacher Ying.” While the gem cat was waiting for dinner, Shi Yu appeared, scaring the gem cat into trembling and standing up.

“Why are you back so quickly?”

When the gem cat saw that Shi Yu, who had gone out to explore the ruins, had returned so quickly, it felt its teeth hurt. She even specially returned to Blue Planet from World King Planet, afraid that Shi Yu would go back and see her urging him to work again, but he still didn’t escape…

“I’m not the only one…”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, two more figures appeared around him. One was the Super Empress in a black empress suit, and the other was the Princess Judy, who was wearing a gray-blue monk suit and hat. She forcefully changed her bloodline race and turned herself back into a human.

Of course, she had already abandoned the name of the worm and called back the name of her previous life, Floating Light.

Any characteristics on this Floating Light were different from the few Buddhist big shots on Earth in Shi Yu’s impression. This guy was probably not a famous figure in the last era. He was most likely just one of the many fire seeds with talent and potential that Goddess Wa and the others had searched for. He was a rising star.

However, although no one knew each other, Shi Yu was still very happy to encounter someone of the same race who was suspected to be a transmigrator from the same place. He decided to bring her to Blue Planet and let her join the Blue Planet bloodline.

Knowing that Shi Yu was also a transmigrator and was enemies with the Dark King, Floating Light naturally didn’t refuse. In short, it was a happy thing to meet a fellow countryman in a new era.

“Shi Yu, you can’t afford to play!”

At this moment, the cat didn’t care about the little nun. When she saw Shi Yu call the Super Empress over, she immediately cried. Didn’t they agree to a holiday? He really called the Empress over to threaten her?

It would remember this. In the future, it would definitely make Baby Ginseng repay double, mainly because it could only provoke Baby Ginseng.

“Things have changed. You might have to work overtime.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Originally, it wasn’t a big problem to touch it for a long time, but this time, we confirmed something.”

“What is it?” the gem cat said.

“The second throne of the universe, the Dark King of the polluted land, and the throne of the Behemoth Empire, the cosmic Behemoth Emperor. Soon, we might have to attack the Cosmic Sea and World King Planet together.”

“Now, the World King is sleeping and weak. The battle power of the World King bloodline has decreased greatly. Apart from the World King, I might be the second target of the Dark King.”

“If you want to be safe and sound, there’s only one way. That’s for you to work overtime and let me reach the cosmic level as soon as possible.”

The gem cat opened its mouth slightly. What a joke. Two cosmic levels???

“You’re not lying to me, right?”

She looked at the Empress and saw the Empress also nod slightly. “You should have rested enough after resting for so long, right?”

“The Star Prayer Race born on the World King Planet is also a rare delicacy for cosmic behemoths, let alone the Star Prayer Race at the peak of the super divine level.”

“If it’s made into soup, it will definitely be delicious.” The Empress used what she had said to scare Qi previously to scare the gem cat.

“I’ll do it, I’ll work overtime, alright!!!” The gem cat’s expression changed as it cursed, “Damn it, why are they all fighting and killing? Isn’t the peace of the universe good? These guys are too detestable.”

“By the way, this is…” The gem cat noticed the little nun again and sensed power that wasn’t inferior to its own from her.

“You can call her Master Floating Light, Floating Light Bodhisattva, and Floating Light Buddha,” Shi Yu said. “They’re helpers we found to deal with the Dark King.”

“Master Floating Light, pleased to meet you!” When the gem cat heard that it was a fighter, it immediately greeted. The more fighters there were, the better. This way, she would be safe.

On the other side, the little nun immediately replied to the gem cat. At the same time, she was confused. Shi Yu was already so strong, and he had even gotten to know a cosmic level. Why did he have to ask this seemingly weak cat demon for the opportunity to break through to the cosmic level?

Initially, Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry. Even the Super Empress wasn’t in a hurry. If she wanted Shi Yu to cultivate to the peak of the super divine level normally and reach the cosmic level first, the gem cat could rest for two months if it wanted. This little time wasn’t a big deal.

However, the state of the universe was abnormal. After revealing the ambition of the Dark King, Shi Yu and the others had no choice but to be anxious. Even the Super Empress had to deal with it solemnly.

Firstly, she was worried that the Dark King wanted to harm Shi Yu. Secondly, she was worried that the interference of the cosmic virus would affect Shi Yu contracting the universe.