Chapter 1843 - Chapter 1843 Acknowledging Mother And Validating The Dao (2)

Chapter 1843 Acknowledging Mother and Validating the Dao (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“What should we do next?” Shi Yu asked.

“Let me say this in advance. This is also equivalent to a contract, a mutually beneficial contract. If you harm them, you will have to bear my anger,” the Super Empress also said.

The Worm Queen said, “I naturally know this. Its basic origin race is the lowest level of the insect race, so its racial talent is cocoon evolution.”

“However, because its basic race is too weak, even if its bloodline has been optimized countless times now, there’s still a certain difference from a ‘cosmic-level race’.”

“With its physique, it’s impossible for it to perfectly absorb the ‘nutrition contained in the evolution materials’ that are enough to support it to break through to the cosmic level.”

“In terms of the evolution of the bug-type bloodline, I’m the absolute authority. You don’t have to doubt me.”

“What it lacks now is a skill perfectly compatible with its racial talent that can assist its racial talent and a large number of cosmic-level evolution resources.”

“For the mutated worms, mastering the two devouring skills, ‘Infinite Devour’ and ‘Ultimate Devour’, can perfectly absorb nutrition. Among them, the highest the Infinite Devour can absorb is the nutrition of super divine resources. If they want to perfectly absorb and transform the nutrition of the ‘cosmic treasure-level resource’, they can only rely on the ‘Ultimate Devour’.”

“Its racial evolution talent can only allow it to break through to the cosmic level with the support of the ‘Ultimate Devour’.”

“And I’m the only existence in this universe who has mastered the ‘Ultimate Devour’.”

“Apart from that, the cosmic treasure-level resources most suitable for the evolution of the Insect Race in the entire universe are all in the Worm Mother Nest. Without my help, it’s very difficult for you to find all the materials to let it evolve perfectly.”

“Therefore, you won’t regret your choice.”

After the Worm Queen finished speaking, Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. To be honest, he had long had the thought of letting Buggy learn Infinite Devour from Susu.

This way, Buggy could absorb and digest more nutrition to transform into a cocoon and evolve.

However, just as the Queen had said, even if Susu’s Infinite Devour had already upgraded from Infinite Devour to transcendent, the upper limit of perfect digestion seemed to only be “the highest quality super divine resource” and couldn’t perfectly digest the universe’s treasure-level resources.

The Ultimate Devour the other party was talking about should be the upper level of Infinite Devour, the upper level skill of the Infinite Devour.

If only the Queen knew this, then even if she replicated it, she might not be able to replicate it. Shi Yu could confirm that even if the power of the skill index could hide from the peak of the super divine level, it definitely couldn’t directly plunder the power of the universe.

“Why don’t you teach the Ultimate Devour to the other heirs?” Shi Yu asked.

“Not everyone can learn the Ultimate Devour. This is a skill I created myself. You have to withstand the power of my bloodline to learn it, but none of those guys have such aptitude.”

“But it’s different. Since it can perfectly control the bloodline power of an ancient Elder Gu like the Green Dragon, theoretically speaking, it can also control my power like controlling the power of the Green Dragon. Moreover, as an insect, the compatibility will be higher.”

“You can even walk so far on the wrong path of the Green Dragon’s evolution, let alone the current correct path of the Insect Race’s evolution.”

“Moreover, with the support of a special Beast Tamer like you, its success rate will also be higher.”

As it spoke, a purple-red blood drop-shaped crystal floated in front of the Worm Queen. The power fluctuations contained in this crystal weren’t inferior to the source of transcendence that was born once every 100,000 years.

Cosmic-level resources could also be divided into levels in terms of quality.

The low-level was undoubtedly the source of transcendence that erupted from others. The medium-level was the source of transcendence that naturally condensed for 100,000 years. The high-level and top-notch… It was difficult for Shi Yu to classify.

However, he estimated that the transcendent origin condensed by the Universe Tree and the empress, as well as the skill index, should be included.

And this bloodline crystal was about the second level, although in essence, it wasn’t a cosmic treasure.

“After fusing this, it can inherit my bloodline. If it can withstand it, it can learn the Ultimate Devour. After that, with the help of the worm silk and the Ultimate Devour, you can complete the most perfect evolution.”

“As for the other evolution materials you need, come and get them after it learns the final evolution.” After the Worm Queen finished speaking, she gave the order to leave.

“Dark King, Beastmaster, bloodline fusion. There are many difficulties you have to face next. I hope I can still successfully see you in the future.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu was stunned.

The Super Empress said, “The Dark King is behind the fall of the universe. It has already joined forces with the Beastmaster to try to invade the Cosmic Sea. Of course, apart from wanting to occupy the super resource, the ‘World King Planet’, there’s another thing. When the Dark King fought for the source of transcendence, it already wanted to harm you.”

“If I hadn’t stopped you at that time, you would have already been captured by the Dark King.”

“At that time, not only was the Dark King afraid of me, but it was also afraid of the World King and the cosmic overlord, so it didn’t dare to attack. But now, it used some unknown method to make the universe abnormal. The battle power of the cosmic life forms largely relied on the environment of the universe. The World King was already weak, and now, it’s even weaker.”

“If nothing goes wrong, after the Dark King and the Beastmaster confirm that the cosmic overlord won’t interfere in this war, the Cosmic Sea will suffer a strong impact.”

“Damn.” Shi Yu was stunned. “Two cosmic levels?”