Chapter 1848 - Chapter 1848 Revealing The True Intent Of Filial Piety (3)

Chapter 1848 Revealing the True Intent of Filial Piety (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yes.” Both parties nodded.

“Ning Ning!!” Susu expressed that it wanted to go too.

However, Shi Yu grabbed it and said, “Help me become stronger. Throw Duckie here first.”

Now, the best state was that before the two cosmic levels attacked the Cosmic Sea, Shi Yu had also reached the cosmic level.

This way, regardless of whether the World King could fight or not, he and the Empress definitely wouldn’t be afraid of the two cosmic levels.

“Oh, I’m busy.”

After communicating with the Empress and the others and leaving Duckie behind to learn, Shi Yu found the gem cat. At this moment, under the Empress’s might, she had no choice but to work hard again.

“What, what?”

“Don’t disturb me if there’s nothing important.”

“Of course.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Isn’t my heart aching for you? I brought you some toys. When you’re tired, you can divert your attention and change your mood.”

“What, what?” The gem cat’s eyes lit up. It knew that Shi Yu still had some conscience.

Next, Shi Yu took out the Worm Queen’s bloodline crystal. The cosmic pressure in the bloodline crystal instantly made the cat’s expression change. The malice aura on this resource was even stronger than the Empress’ pressure.

“What is it?” She took a step back.

“It smells like a worm. I don’t eat worms.”

“The bloodline crystal of the Worm Queen is one of the evolution resources after Buggy. If you’re tired of modifying the source of transcendence, you can change your mood and find the Empress to modify this together. The bloodline traces on it are still too strong. It might not be good for Buggy to directly fuse.”

Although it didn’t have much of an impact, it was very easy for Buggy to be afraid when it encountered the Worm Queen in the future and be suppressed by its bloodline, unable to display its full battle power. At that time, if the Worm Queen had ill intentions, it would be difficult for Buggy to join Mother Hunters.

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the gem cat was stunned.

“You’re a dog, right!! I thought you were here to care about me, but in the end, you came with a new job that’s even more difficult for cats??”

“So the Empress also has to work for you? You’re lazing around yourself, right!!”

“Nonsense!!” Shi Yu said righteously.

“Cough, cough, actually, there’s an easier way for you.”

“What? I hope you can speak human language this time.”

“Let’s contract it too. You’re now at the peak of the super divine level. Perhaps after the contract, you can directly feedback me to the peak of the super divine level. At the same time, I can also give you a lot of power. At that time… you’ll be more powerful when you work…”

Boom!!

“Think about it!!!” As expected, Shi Yu was sent flying.

Shi Yu had an innocent expression. He didn’t fancy the previous cat and felt that Teacher Cat’s battle power was too low. Now that Teacher Cat was at the peak of super divine, its functionality was still strong, and the contract wasn’t a loss. Unfortunately, it didn’t seem to work… The other party was unwilling.

“If Teacher Cat doesn’t work, Goddess Wa and Blue Planet will probably be in even more trouble…”

“Sigh, looks like nurturing my pet is more reliable.”

“Time is tight, and I can’t run around anymore. Next, I want to optimize Eleven and the others’ accompanying moves before becoming a cosmic level…”

The randomness of exploring ruins was too great. In order to increase battle power, it was indeed more suitable for the current Shi Yu to optimize the accompanying moves and wait for the modification of the source of transcendence to be completed on the spot.

Among the 14 pets now, apart from Baby Ginseng that had transcended seven times, the other pets had transcended six times. However, Shi Yu felt that they were also about to break through.

The reason why he had the thought of optimizing the accompanying moves was that although the quality of their skills wasn’t bad, it was far from the highest.

For example, Susu’s Infinite Devour was already one of the top super skills in the team. It could devour various things and let itself evolve, transforming into racial skills. It could also eat various attacks. It was simply invincible. There weren’t many skills in the team that were stronger than this move.

However, even such a skill still had a high-level skill like the “Ultimate Devour”. Of course, a terrifying skill like the Ultimate Devour that could even perfectly digest a cosmic treasure and transform it into its own strength could already be said to be the signature skill of the cosmic emperor, the “Queen of Worms”. It was the only one in the entire universe who had mastered it.

If Buggy could also learn it, a second life form would have mastered it, but Buggy’s proficiency in this move definitely couldn’t exceed the Worm Queen. After all, this was an exclusive skill developed by Buggy according to its race.

In the words of the Empress, a skill like “Ultimate Devour” could no longer be described as a “divine skill”. It could already be called a “super divine skill” and “cosmic profundity”.

In fact, even the Empress didn’t have a skill of this quality. The reason why the Empress was powerful was because of the power system of her dual cultivation for two eras. In terms of the power system of this era alone, her strength might not necessarily be stronger than cosmic emperors like the Worm Queen.

Therefore, in order to make Eleven and the others stronger, Shi Yu had two directions.

One was to let Eleven and the others also master a “super divine skill” and “cosmic profundities” that belonged to them.

Or, he could let them cultivate the power system of two eras at the same time.

In fact, if the pet’s talent was enough, it would want all of them. It would want super divine skills and dual cultivation.

As for the latter, it wasn’t impossible. Shi Yu’s pet’s physique had all been modified. Using a special method, it obtained the physique of the previous era. Just like Bu Lu, it could learn the cultivation system of the previous era. Even Teacher Gem Cat had optimized its physique and learned the power system of the previous era with the help of the Empress. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been able to reach the peak of the super divine level so quickly.