Chapter 1840 - Chapter 1840 Sword Slash Cosmic Level (4)

Chapter 1840 Sword Slash Cosmic Level (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

[Judy, you’re indeed a failed product.]

At this moment, the surroundings of the Spider Princess seemed to have darkened. In the endless darkness, the Spider Princess floated in midair. The light opposite outlined a terrifying figure, making her bloodline throb infinitely.

Judy quickly determined that this consciousness was derived from her bloodline.

It came from the restrictions of the bloodline contract.

“Mother…” she said with a pale face.

[You seem to have obtained a very special fortuitous encounter, but from the looks of it, you’re still useless.] Staring at the Spider King Princess in front of him, the phantom of the Worm Queen seemed to have crossed space and time and seen the meeting of the Spider King Princess and Shi Yu.

[I was once curious about how he would come to the worm nest. I didn’t expect all the reasons to be on you. Looks like you have a characteristic that attracts him very much.]

[What a surprise. If it weren’t for the fact that your strength increases at an abnormal speed, I wouldn’t have discovered that he had already arrived here. Who is it that can send him to the Worm Nest with such methods?]

The Spider Princess instantly understood who the Worm Queen was talking about.

It was the young man who helped her increase her strength.

The Queen knew the other party!

Moreover, she easily knew that the other party wanted to take her away and knew everything after they met.

Judy was extremely nervous. She knew that it was impossible for her to hide her little deal with Shi Yu from the supreme Queen Mother no matter what.

It was over… This was the only thought left in her heart. She understood that she would definitely be directly executed.

“Her Highness Judy is out!!!”

In the outside world, as Judy appeared, the surroundings rumbled. Although Judy couldn’t break through the 11th level, breaking through 10 levels in one go was also a very impressive battle result.

This made people understand that the fate of this royal daughter might have to be rewritten from here on. She might be able to become a true royal daughter acknowledged by the queen.

In the sky, the super divine of the Red Ant Race also had a happy expression. They didn’t expect Princess Judy to give them such a big surprise this time.

However, as Judy appeared in the sky outside, the expressions of all the worms changed.

The endless fear and trembling in the depths of their bloodlines made them look at the expressionless Princess Judy in the sky in shock.

At this moment, the princess’s expression was pale, her eyes were listless, and her entire body emitted purple mist.

“This, this is…” On Shi Yu and the others’ stall, when the bloodlines of Young Master Red Ant and the old man at the door trembled infinitely, their expressions were filled with horror, as if they sensed a terrifying existence even more terrifying than seeing the super divine in the race.

“Wu!!!” Buggy’s bloodline instantly trembled. Even someone with a noble bloodline like Buggy felt a huge pressure. Even if its source of power had the power of the Four Holy Green Dragon, it couldn’t stop the suppression of this bloodline.

Shi Yu’s expression changed drastically, and he felt extremely helpless. Why couldn’t he make things smoother every time he carried out a mission?

Damn, how good would it be if it were an ordinary human as a third transmigrator? He would directly take it away. Why did it have to be the daughter of the Queen? It was simply too troublesome. This time, he was already extremely careful. The Super Empress couldn’t blame him for causing trouble. It was purely because of his identity as a third transmigrator. It was already a hellish difficulty opening. As expected, it was still too difficult to hide from the Worm Queen and the cosmic level.

If he had known that he would fail sooner or later, he might as well have visited directly from the start and laid his cards on the table.

Boom!!!

At this moment, outside the Worm King Tower, a huge bloodline shadow bloomed from the Spider King Daughter’s body and formed a new phantom in the sky above her. This phantom form was abnormally strange. It was made of dark purple matter that looked like an exoskeleton or armor. Its appearance was similar to a worm bone, and it had the characteristics of ants, dragonflies, locusts, and many other insects. The dark light formed skin, and there was no trace of a human appearance, like a worm god that had awakened from ancient times.

“Queen…” Seeing this phantom, countless nobles were extremely shocked and trembled. They didn’t understand why a noble existence like the Worm Queen would appear here. At this moment, even the super magical bugs in the other 12 areas were shocked and looked over.

After all, even if it was the leader of the thirteen great worm nobles, it was as difficult as ascending to the heavens to see the Queen.

Was it because of Her Highness Judy?

However, what was even more unbelievable was that just as the Queen’s phantom appeared, it raised the Queen’s sharp claws in front of everyone, as if it wanted to penetrate the Spider Princess’s body.

Such an action made everyone’s hearts explode, especially the Red Ant Race, who was just pleasantly surprised by the princess’s performance. At this moment, they were shocked to the extreme, not understanding what the Queen meant.

The king’s daughter had displayed pretty good talent potential, so why did the Queen have to execute her…

At this moment, no one dared to breathe. Their entire bodies froze on the spot. Shi Yu’s pupils constricted as he understood the intention of the Worm Queen’s actions. Was this guy trying to force him to take the initiative to appear?

Did he want to see how much he needed her as an heir?

“Buggy.”

Bang.

Before anyone could move, Shi Yu couldn’t help but crush the teacup. Under the shocked expressions of the old man guarding the door, Young Master Red Ant, and the sexy bee girl who came to fill the tea, the blue butterfly that landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder turned into a blue beam of light that penetrated space and time!!

A terrifying spatial power and spiritual power wrapped around Buggy’s body, wrapping it into a ball of light. This blue light ball streaked a lightning-like light across the Worm King Ruins with a bang, shaking the entire thirteen areas of the Worm King Ruins!!

Boom!!!

When everyone reacted, they saw a blue butterfly wrapped in a psychic ball directly collide with the Queen’s sharp claws. The power of both parties was in a stalemate. Be it the psychic ball or the Queen’s sharp claws, they were trembling crazily.

“Who is it?”

This scene shocked the surrounding people even more than the Queen appearing and wanting to kill the Spider Princess.

“There’s no need to use your offspring as bait.”

A voice sounded like a thunderclap in the clear sky. After the blue butterfly just now, a red sword light seemed to have broken through the darkness and instantly severed the Queen’s sharp claws. Light spots filled the sky. At this moment, the Queen’s phantom seemed to have also suffered a huge injury and lost control of the Spider Queen.

The red-haired young man holding the sword grabbed the Spider King Daughter with one hand. Blue butterflies flew around him as he looked at the queen with a broken arm and said, “Alright, as you wish, I’m out. I really can’t let you kill this guy like this.”