Chapter 1849 - Chapter 1849 Revealing The True Intent Of Filial Piety (4)

Chapter 1849  Revealing the True Intent of Filial Piety (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Therefore, Shi Yu’s pets all had this aptitude. For example, Duckie had already run to learn the cleansing power of the Buddhist Sect from the last era from the little nun Floating Light. Apart from that, other pets had also learned the skills of the last era. For example, Eleven had learned Weapon Control. This was an ancient skill that Lin Xiuzhu had excavated from the Chi You Ruins.

As for super divine skills, this was very difficult, but Shi Yu had the skill index.

Although the additional points function of the skill index could only reach the transcendent divine skill at most and couldn’t allow the divine skill to undergo a qualitative change again, the additional points function was only one of the many functions of the skill index.

It also had the functions of “Skill Deduction” and “Technique Fusion”. Shi Yu felt that perhaps he could use these two functions to charge at the “super divine skill”.

If he couldn’t add a super divine skill, couldn’t he be a gambler and fuse one??

Shi Yu decided to start with Eleven according to the order of entry.

Having a “super divine skill” was almost equivalent to a “cosmic race”. This was the highest level of race and belonged to the pet of the universe.

Name  Eleven

[Stats]: Metal, Thunder, Dark, Light

[Race]: Iron-eating Beast  Nine Li Battle Beast  Demon God Iron-eating Beast  Chaos Panda

[Race Level]: Top-notch god race

[Level of Growth]: Super divine level (Transcendent 6 times)

[Will Level]: Super divine

[Star Arms]: Star Bamboo

[Skill]:

“Divine-level”: Yin Yang Millstone (transcendent), Battle God Body (transcendent), Eight Trigrams Clone (transcendent), One Thought of God and Demon (transcendent), Metal Control (transcendent), Star Refining (transcendent), Weapon Control (transcendent), Chaos Wex Body (transcendent), Light and Darkness Control (transcendent)

Compared to before, the current Eleven had a new skill of Light and Darkness Control. It was fused before the competition for the source of transcendence.

Shi Yu originally thought that light and darkness could fuse into skills related to the Yin Yang Great Dao, but he was overthinking. He only fused into one Light and Darkness Control. Although this skill was also very powerful, it could allow the user to absorb all the dark power in the land of darkness and turn it into the only light source. It could also allow the user to absorb all the light in the land of light and turn it into a pure source of darkness. It could have the strongest control of darkness, transforming light and darkness into each other and fusing with each other, but it was still a little far from a super divine skill.

Perhaps if it were changed to Yin Yang Control, it would be a super divine skill, but unfortunately, it couldn’t be exchanged and couldn’t be bet.

“Wu wu wu…”

Shi Yu hugged Eleven and looked at it. “The current situation is that the Star Bamboo Arms are relatively lousy, causing the Weapon Control to not be able to display a perfect effect. Now that Star Refinement has reached transcendent, it can already refine two weapons and two stars. These two skills can be optimized and even fused.”

“Apart from that, the compatibility between Light and Darkness Control and Yin Yang Millstone is enough. It can be fused into a new skill.”

“The compatibility between the Battle God Body and the Chaos Thunder Body is also relatively good. It can also be fused into a new skill.”

“Wuuu.” Eleven was grabbed by Shi Yu and danced around. Its gaze was bright, and it didn’t care about strengthening before strengthening. In short, it was happy to be able to add points.

“Alright, you can eat the Star Bamboo directly. We’ll find a high-level star to refine later,” Shi Yu said.

The Star Refinement skill could only refine dead stars, even if it reached transcendent. However, at transcendent, its refining range was much wider. It could even refine some special celestial bodies.

Shi Yu got Eleven to eat the Star Bamboo and prepare to change weapons. He already had a target.

He planned to search for these two special stars in the Cosmic Sea with Eleven and refine them into weapons to use with the control of weapons.

These two special celestial bodies weren’t difficult to find in the universe.

However, it might be a little difficult to control them of a relative nature. Shi Yu placed his hopes on the fusion skill first. If he could fuse with the Yin Yang Control that he was thinking about, it might be easier to refine the black and white hole.

Firstly, what he tried to fuse was the Chaos Thunder Body and the Battle God Body. The success rate of the fusion of these two skills was extremely low. When they both reached transcendent, the success rate was still 0. It was only when Shi Yu and Eleven stepped into the super divine level that the success rate was displayed.

The success rate this time was “extremely low”. This was the first time such a hint appeared in the skill index, so Shi Yu had never tried it casually.

But now, Shi Yu felt that it was extremely low and very tempting. Perhaps it could really fuse into a “super-divine skill” and let Eleven leap into a cosmic race. This way, it might be easier for it to break through to the cosmic level in the future.

The reason why Shi Yu didn’t let Susu go was because he hoped to leave it behind to assist in his fusion…

Apart from that, he also had to do some psychological construction for his pets.

“Cough, cough, I haven’t fused skills in a long time. I’m a little nervous,” Shi Yu said.

“Let’s do some mental preparation before fusing,” he said as he stared at the eager Eleven.

“If the skill fusion is successful, what do you want to do after you become stronger?” Shi Yu knew that his consumption completely depended on the pet’s will and whether the pet could persist.

Therefore, in advance, Shi Yu tricked Eleven as usual to make it firmly believe in him.

This way, it would be easier for him.

“Wu wu wu?” Eleven lowered its head and bit its palm before letting out a howl.

Fighting the Dark King?

“Don’t think so far ahead. As long as you work hard this time and try to complete the skill fusion in half a minute, I’ll help you fight the Sun God General. How about that? The Star Race is currently ranked first among the ten thousand races in the starry sky. Although the Iron-eating Beast Race overall can’t defeat the starry sky life form, if you defeat the strongest individual of the Star Race, the Iron-eating Beast will definitely be famous in the starry sky. Although it’s not number one among the ten thousand races in the starry sky, it’s better than number one among the ten thousand races in the starry sky!!”

“Can you do it in half a minute?” In order to strengthen Eleven’s will, Shi Yu used all kinds of scams.

“Wuu?!?” Eleven was shocked.

For Eleven, who hadn’t fought in the ranking battle of all races for a long time, the title of number one among the ten thousand races in the starry sky was infinitely attractive to it.

Eleven could still vividly remember the impressiveness of the Sun God General. It mobilized the power of billions of stars across countless star areas to kill the Four Saints and the super divine. Although the entire team should have no problem fighting the Sun God General together, Eleven definitely couldn’t defeat it alone now. The birth of a star life form was a super divine. It was fully deserving of being the number one race in the Cosmic Sea. If it could defeat the strongest individual among them…

No one knew his pets better than Shi Yu. As expected, its tempting challenge immediately made Eleven howl in excitement.

It could PK the Sun God General!!!

Eleven wanted to frown at this fusion skill. Even if it lost!

At the same time.

As one of the few peak super divine experts under the World King, the Sun God General had a bad feeling. Its mood was extremely solemn. “As expected, from the looks of it, it’s right. The ambition of the Dark King is about to surface… Even I’ve been targeted?”