Chapter 1842 - Chapter 1842 Acknowledging Mother And Validating The Dao (1)

Chapter 1842 Acknowledging Mother and Validating the Dao (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Say that again?”

The Super Empress looked at Shi Yu and Buggy and was furious. She had indeed not chosen the wrong person.

His contracted partner really didn’t have the heart of an expert at all. Could such a guy really contract the universe?

“Uh…” When Shi Yu and Buggy saw that the Empress seemed to be very unhappy, they immediately said in embarrassment, “I’m just kidding, just kidding. We’ll listen to you.”

Buzz.

A soundproof barrier was formed between Shi Yu, Buggy, and the Empress.

The Worm Queen smiled. She knew that they wanted to communicate alone, so she didn’t stop them or eavesdrop.

To be honest, from the emotional fluctuations of Shi Yu and the others just now, the Worm Queen could confirm that the other party was surprised from the bottom of her heart and not pretending.

This was the first time the Worm Queen had seen such an easygoing quasi-cosmic-level expert. She couldn’t help but sigh.

In the soundproof barrier, the Empress stared at Shi Yu intently, wanting to see how Shi Yu would explain.

Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “It was a slip of the tongue, really a slip of the tongue. I was thinking that if I could solve it without battle, I would do it without battle.”

“It’s mainly because I don’t want you to work too hard, Your Majesty. It doesn’t matter if we sacrifice a little.”

“In this way, you can call me mom at will?” the Empress said. “Why do I feel that you’re secretly happy?”

“Oh, this…” Shi Yu scratched his cheek. “Perhaps in our opinion, this choice is also very common?”

“This kind of thing is just a title…” Shi Yu said, “We won’t be affected in any way because of this title.”

“As long as there are huge benefits to be found and there’s no conflict of ideals, acknowledging a godmother is like becoming sworn siblings. There’s no difference.”

“This is very useful. Let me think. How many mothers have we acknowledged along the way? One, two, three… I forgot. In short, they’ve all been very helpful to us.”

The Empress: “?”

“I…” The Empress had thought that Shi Yu had no integrity, but she had never thought that he had so little integrity.

He even recognized a few?

She acknowledged Shi Yu’s starting point. Indeed, the Cosmic Sea was now targeted by the Dark King and the Beastmaster at the same time. Among them, the Dark King was definitely going to kill Shi Yu because Shi Yu had contracted the “cleansing star spirit”.

If they provoked the Worm Queen at this juncture and the three cosmic levels joined forces, no one would be able to withstand it.

However, she didn’t understand why Shi Yu was so casual.

“Then if the Worm Queen is disadvantageous to you in the future, as its son, where will you go?” The Empress asked Buggy again.

“Wu. (Shi Yu, Chi Tong, and the Empress once had a combination called Mother Hunter.)” Buggy quoted the classics and didn’t feel any pressure. It was completely led astray by Shi Yu.

If there was milk, it was a mother. If there was poison, it was prey.

The Empress: “?”

“Cough, cough. Buggy means that as long as it’s our enemy, it can even kill its own mother, let alone this…” Shi Yu said, “Blood relations can’t restrain us. Moreover, the Worm Queen herself doesn’t take this relationship very seriously.”

“Although I don’t know its goal yet, it’s roughly to use each other. That depends on who’s better in the end. We can get along peacefully. If we have other ambitions, it’ll be a matter of life and death.”

“So you and I have this relationship too?” the Super Empress asked Shi Yu.

“How is that possible?” Shi Yu said. “If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t be interested in such a high-risk thing like becoming the holder of the universe. I would definitely directly give up transmigrating to the last era and retire in this era.”

The Super Empress nodded. Because she had a contract with Shi Yu, she could tell if Shi Yu was lying.

Although Shi Yu had no integrity, no morals, and a relatively low upper limit, only contracts wouldn’t deceive him. At least, the Empress saw the way Shi Yu interacted with each of his pets and saw Shi Yu give his all for the contracted partner.

He didn’t lie to the Super Empress at all.

“This might indeed be its cosmic path, but you have to bear the consequences yourselves. It wants to use your breakthrough to reach the realm of a cosmic overlord. At that time, if it has other ambitions, it will be even harder to restrict.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. “Buggy, if the Queen of the Worms in the future…”

All the blame originated from Shi Yu.

Now that it was about to reach the cosmic level, it still had to acknowledge its mother. Buggy suspected that its race’s talent was really evolved from a cocoon.

However, Buggy was confident. Just like how it borrowed the power of the Green Dragon and then controlled the power of the Green Dragon, with the power of the worm now, it could also control the power of the worm in the future and have the strongest achievement.

The soundproof barrier shattered, and the body of the Worm Queen was like a mountain range. Its purple eyes stared at Shi Yu, Buggy, and the Super Empress and said, “So, have you thought it through?”

“I’ve thought it through.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Instead of having another enemy, it’s better to have another relative.”

“Buggy, change your words.”

“Wu!! (Mom!!)” Buggy didn’t have any integrity anymore. It only wanted to know how much red packet money the other party could give.

The Worm Queen had a strange expression. After all, its biological heirs were afraid of its pressure and didn’t even call it mom as smoothly as Buggy.