Chapter 1844 - Chapter 1844 Acknowledging Mother And Validating The Dao (3)

Chapter 1844 Acknowledging Mother and Validating the Dao (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“And it might be targeting me?”

“As its mother, you can’t just watch from the sidelines on this matter, right? You have to deal with a cosmic level no matter what, right?” Shi Yu asked Buggy’s new mother.

The Worm Queen: “?”

“Unfortunately, the Worm Mother Nest won’t participate in the battle. Whether you can survive depends on yourselves.”

“All I can do is provide it with resources to become stronger and give you Judy.”

The Worm Queen clearly didn’t want to interfere in the cosmic war.

If the World King, the Dark King, the Beastmaster, and the Super Empress could all lose, that would be what it wanted to see.

“Ji!!” Buggy knew that this new mother was unreliable. If it were Mother Dragon… Alright, Mother Dragon wasn’t reliable either.

“Princess Judy… What was her identity in her previous life?” Shi Yu suddenly recalled this important question.

“Queen, you should have swallowed her, right?”

The Queen looked at Shi Yu and said, “I only know that her physique is special. When I devoured her, she was already a corpse drifting over from the void. There’s only a body from the last era left, and she has a special curse.”

“But from the looks of it, the body of the last era combined with my bloodline can’t create any heir worth nurturing. After being pregnant for so long, in the end, her talent is so poor. She’s already useless. If you want it, take it.”

Upon hearing that Princess Judy wasn’t killed and devoured by the Worm Queen, but that she had died when she was picked up, Shi Yu’s expression froze. Could it be that this guy was the same as Beast Shi Yu, but her body had come to this era and her soul hadn’t arrived?

No.

If she didn’t have her own consciousness, who opened that era ruin?

Or could it be that a third transmigrator successfully arrived here but was killed?

The person who killed her wasn’t the queen, but someone else.

Shi Yu thought for a long time in an instant, but it was useless to think about it alone. When he brought the Spider Princess to open the ruins, he might know more.

“Let’s go. She’s too timid to interfere in the war,” the Empress finally said to Shi Yu.

“Back then, when I came to the Worm Mother Nest to plunder resources, she didn’t dare to counterattack.”

Shi Yu was stunned.

In the next moment, as the anger of the Worm Queen suddenly rose, the Super Empress left with Shi Yu immediately.

On the trip to the Worm Mother Nest, Shi Yu could be said to be trembling in fear, but the outcome was good.

In the Worm Mother Nest, the Queen gave a new order, saying that Beast Tamer Shi Yu would be an honored guest of the Worm Mother Nest, shocking the various worm nobles for a moment.

No one knew the outcome of the battle between Shi Yu and the Worm Queen, but the Queen’s order contained countless information.

Although Shi Yu had killed countless worms, the Queen had already given the order. Even if there were unconvinced worms, they could only put down their aggro or bury their aggro in their hearts.

Even if not all the worms were very convinced by the Worm Queen, on the surface, no worm dared to resist the cosmic emperor in the Worm Mother Nest.

With the bloodline crystal given by the queen, Shi Yu and the others left the Worm Mother Nest. Although they had obtained this thing, they had to check it carefully before fusing.

Shi Yu had to let the gem cat, the Empress, and the others eliminate the drawbacks of fusing bloodline crystals.

However, before that, Shi Yu still brought the princess to the Vegetable Star Domain and arrived in front of the special ruin guided by fate.

“Wu…” The princess felt dizzy and woke up from her sleep in a daze. After recovering her consciousness a little, she suddenly woke up and looked around in horror.

However, it wasn’t the hell she imagined in front of her, but a forest. There was no longer the Worm Queen in front of her, only that familiar young man.

“You…” Seeing Shi Yu, the Spider Princess was shocked. “You weren’t killed by the queen?”

“Wait a minute…”

She tried her best to remember. In the end, it seemed that the Queen wanted to kill her, but at the critical moment, a blue light and a red light followed and saved her. After that, she completely lost consciousness.

“You saved me from the queen?? How did you escape? How did the bloodline contract on my body be broken?” She checked her situation in confusion and became more and more shocked.

“You have too many questions. In short, it’s not as complicated as you think. It’s purely because I have a flexible position.” Shi Yu leaned against the tree and looked at her. “Let’s not talk about this first. Let’s get down to business first. You’re finally awake.”

“Although I couldn’t let you pass the 11th level and something unexpected happened, fortunately, your bloodline contract was broken. Next, according to the agreement, you should do me a favor, right?”

Shi Yu smiled and looked ahead. “This is the place I want to bring you to. In this area, there’s an era ruin that can only be opened by specific people.”

“Actually, you’re its key. I want to use your power to open this ruin.”

“There might also be more information about your original identity in this ruin. If you’re ready, I’ll lend you my strength and you can open it.”

The Spider Princess was slightly stunned when she heard that. Then, she said, “Will the Queen still chase after us?”

“Probably not,” Shi Yu said. “Of course, if you want to take revenge on it, it’s best to wait until you’re stronger…”