Chapter 1847 - Chapter 1847 Revealing The Truth Of Filial Piety (2)

Chapter 1847 Revealing the Truth of Filial Piety (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Therefore, no matter what, the Dark King, who had the ability to change the state of the universe, had to be resolved.

“The strength of the cosmic virus used by the Dark King depends on the user’s strength. Not only can it affect the universe, but it can also affect other lives. It’s also very simple to neutralize. Actually, Shi Yu has already guessed the method.”

“Oh??” Shi Yu was stunned. “How did I guess?”

The little nun looked up and said, “Didn’t you say previously that one of your pets has the ability to absorb the negative energy of the universe?”

“Yes…” Shi Yu nodded.

The little nun said, “Under normal circumstances, even a cosmic cleansing race expert in cleansing is helpless against a virus that has already integrated into the universe. In order to prevent the cosmic will from having the chance to cleanse this virus, the creator of the virus has already perfected the virus to an extremely powerful level.”

“Yes, I’ve also mastered some cleansing methods, but they’re useless against the abnormality of the universe,” the Empress said.

“Although the creator of the virus has perfected it very well, it’s inevitable that there’s a weakness that can’t be considered a weakness,” Floating Light said.

“That is, become a part of the universe and share this virus with the universe. When this virus is transferred from the universe to the shareholder, its nature will change and it can be cleansed.”

“You mean, contract the universe?”

“Not all universes are contracted. A portion is enough,” the little nun said. “For example, the Star Spirit Race.”

“The Star Spirit Race all has the ability to sign a contract with a portion of the environment of the universe. The skill I developed is to let all lives have abilities similar to the cleansing star spirit. Of course, they can only purely withstand the damage of the universe through the contract. They can’t borrow the power of the universe like the cleansing star spirit.”

After Floating Light finished speaking, Shi Yu and the others came to a realization. So that was the case.

The nature of the virus was that when it was in the universe, it couldn’t be cleansed.

However, as long as he contracted with the universe and became a part of the universe to help the universe bear the virus, when the virus transferred, its nature would change to a certain extent and it could be cleansed.

In essence, skills like the Star Sea Contract were equivalent to contracting the universe.

However, it was a little different from the contract to become the holder of the universe.

Although Susu’s Star Sea Contract was powerful enough to borrow the power of the universe, it needed to fulfill a certain responsibility. If it didn’t fulfill it, the universe had the right to take the initiative to break the contract.

The universe was the master, and the contractor was the secondary.

However, if one wanted to become the holder of the universe, they had to have the contractor as the master, and the universe as the secondary. They needed the contractor to have the ability to control the power of the universe 100%. However, this way, the difficulty would definitely multiply exponentially.

In other words, Susu worked for the universe, a cosmic cleaner, and the guardian of the universe was the master of the universe, the master of the universe.

“Ning.”

At this moment, Susu came out of Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space with a serious expression.

After knowing that the abnormality of the universe was that the Dark King was using a special cosmic virus, Susu couldn’t take it anymore.

“Ning, Ning. (I’ll bear the cosmic virus. I can cleanse it myself.)” Susu said.

Using the power of the Sea of Stars to cleanse the cosmic virus!

“Just you alone is definitely not enough.” Shi Yu pressed her down and said, “You probably have to be at the cosmic level to withstand this cosmic virus. It’s not a big deal, right?”

“If you don’t reach the cosmic level, the number and cleansing speed will definitely be very slow. You will have to contract many, many lives with the universe and bear it together.”

The little nun nodded and said, “Yes.”

“What I can do is share the method of sharing the cosmic virus and the special effect cleansing with the two of you.”

“However, before completely dealing with the Dark King, I don’t recommend using this method. It only treats the symptoms but not the root cause. It can’t solve the problem from the source. No matter how many cosmic viruses we bear and absorb, the Dark King can still create them again.”

The Empress said, “It’s not easy to deal with the Dark King. Although there are strong and weak among every cosmic level, at the cosmic level, there’s no cosmic level that can completely destroy another cosmic level.”

“Even a cosmic overlord can’t destroy the other four cosmic emperors.”

“Back then, even if the cosmic overlord and the World King joined forces, they couldn’t kill me. They could only seal me.”

“Similarly, against the Dark King and the Beastmaster, even if we can defeat them, it’s impossible to destroy them,” the Super Empress said.

“Is it that difficult?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Then seal it and recover the cosmic virus,” the little nun said.

“In theory, this is the only way. Sealing is the best choice. If you want to kill the Beastmaster, you have to destroy all the stars in the universe first to prevent the Beastmaster from reincarnating. For example, if you want to kill the Dark King, you have to cleanse all the pollution concepts in the universe. At the cosmic level, the origin is already close to the concept. Unless there are specific countermeasures, it will be very difficult to determine life and death.”

“However, that’s not necessarily the case.” The Super Empress looked at Shi Yu and said, “Human Beast Tamers might be a variable. When the power of two cosmic levels superimposes, no one knows what kind of power can be displayed and if it can surpass the cosmic overlord. This, no one knows.”

“I understand, I understand.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “In that case, let’s work hard together. Me and the cat will try our best to modify the cultivation resources as soon as possible. We’ll reach the peak of the super divine first and let every pet reach it. Your Majesty, study the virus mechanism and the method she mentioned with Floating Light first.”