Chapter 1856 - Chapter 1856: Heavenly Emperor Scripture And Chaos Panda (3)

Chapter 1856: Heavenly Emperor Scripture and Chaos Panda (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yi?” Baby Ginseng was stunned. Yes, just leave it to the clone…

Even if it was a clone, it could still have super divine battle power. A clone that had mastered super divine battle power was completely qualified to negotiate with the will of the various planets with the “World Grace” skill. Then, it could introduce its Great Dao to the various planets…

Then, as long as they completed the original accumulation of capital, they could let the first batch of Undying Divine Medicine that had successfully cultivated become the second batch of preachers again. They could transmit their cultivation methods to an even more remote corner. A spark could start a prairie fire!

Hundreds of millions of years later, the supplement races in the entire universe would be its disciples as the ginseng emperor.

“Wu…” Baby Ginseng’s improvement made the entire team feel very anxious. Eleven was alright. After all, it was currently enjoying the benefits of the skill fusion version. Buggy and the others were even more anxious.

Buggy looked in the direction of the gem cat. For the first time, it felt that Teacher Ying was so slow. When could it fuse with the bloodline crystal gifted by its godmother?

Susu sighed and couldn’t even wait to fight the Dark King Army. It felt that if it wanted to take another step forward, it still had to fight the Dark King Army.

Ling’s pursuit of strength wasn’t as strong as the other pets. On the other hand, Chi Tong frowned and thought about where its cosmic path was.

“Hurry up and rest. Be more energetic.” Shi Yu called his pets and everyone piled together to suck Blue Planet’s blood.

Little Zi and Bu Lu were the ones who sucked the most.

World King Planet.

After Shi Yu and Senior Panda finished explaining, Senior Panda also started the Myriad Race Ranking Battle. Although Shi Yu and the Sun God had already completed the battle, it was clearly against the rules to fight directly like this.

The ranking battle of all races couldn’t be directly encountered by the two of them through a private battle.

Although with the identities of these two people, they could meet through a conspiracy, it wasn’t proper enough and would easily cause it to discuss. After all, it was too obvious that there was an inside story when the Iron-eating Beast Race ranked more than 10,000 encountered the strongest individual of the Star Race. Therefore, Senior Panda still planned to let Eleven challenge the Sun God General with the formal special competition system of “Young Lion Challenge”.

And if he wanted to complete all of this, he needed the Iron-eating Beast Race to reach the top 10,000 of all races first.

“Senior Emperor Wu, I have something to ask of you…”

“Senior Space Emperor, I have something to ask of you…”

Lin Xiuzhu called these seniors who had cultivated the iron-eating beasts one by one and asked them to invest resources in the iron-eating beasts at all costs in the next month, letting them wholeheartedly work hard on the ranking of all races.

After learning that it was related to Shi Yu, these people naturally agreed readily, but it was hard on these Iron-eating Beasts.

“You go too.” Senior Panda also summoned her Iron-eating Beast and let it work hard on the ranking.

It had to be said that when the battle power of Blue Planet’s group was fully released, and all the resources of Blue Planet were invested in the Iron-eating Beasts, the advancement speed of the Iron-eating Beasts’ ranking was simply fast.

In just a week, the Iron-eating Beast race worked hard to reach 9,978th place and stepped into the top 10,000. It was all thanks to Lin Xiuzhu and Emperor Wu’s two perfect divine-level Iron-eating Beasts.

This change immediately caused a heated discussion on the entire World King Planet.

In the Green Dragon Race, which was ranked 9000+, the Star Refining Race, which was ranked 200+, and even the Cosmic Crow Race, which was ranked 30… There was also the Ice Kirin Race, which was ranked below a million…

Countless large clans with deep connections to the Iron-eating Beasts were rather emotional about the changes in the Iron-eating Beast race when it entered the top 10,000.

In the Cosmic Crow Race, Zavay looked at the news of the Iron-eating Beast ranking entering the top 10,000 and thought to himself, “And this is even before that guy attacked.”

“I wonder how strong it has become now. It must have already become super divine.”

In the battle for the source of transcendence, Eleven blew up countless epoch gods with a punch and shocked the starry sky. With Eleven’s Iron-eating Beast Race, entering the top 10,000 was originally not a big deal, but in reality, this battle result that entered 10,000 was completely not worth Eleven’s contribution.

They were all fought by the Iron-eating Beast Race that surged out from other places. Therefore, this was the source of many large races’ emotions. If that Eleven participated in the ranking battle of all races again, who knew how high the Iron-eating Beast Race could be pulled to? The top 1,000? The top 500?

It had to be said that whatever people were looking forward to arrived instantly. Just as the Iron-eating Beast Race squeezed into the top 10,000, a video announcement shocked World King Planet and even the Cosmic Sea.

In the video, it was a woman with long hair, a voluptuous figure, and a panda suit. She was very beautiful, and people weren’t unfamiliar with her. It was Lin Xiuzhu, who was known by many people on the World King Planet as the “Iron-eating Beast Goddess”. Be it in the God Sealing Battle or the ranking battle of all races, Senior Panda Lin Xiuzhu’s Iron-eating Beast had displayed outstanding results.

Now, the powerful Beast Tamer Lin Xiuzhu, who came from the Blue Planet and had already stepped into the peak of the divine level, was quite popular on World King Planet.

“Hello, everyone. I’m the president of the Myriad Races Committee of the Dong Huang Realm, Lin Xiuzhu.”

“Next, I’ll announce a piece of news for everyone. A day ago, the Iron-eating Beast race has successfully entered the top 10,000 of the cosmic races and is ranked 9978.” Senior Panda smiled and said,

“After entering the first 10,000, the Iron-eating Beast Race applied for the ‘Young Lion Battle’ and will challenge a certain large race. Now, the battle list has been confirmed. Both parties will have a direct duel in 18 days.”

“And the two parties have already been confirmed. They are the Iron-eating Beast Race, Eleven, and the Star Race, Sun God General Fasol!”