Chapter 1851 - Chapter 1851: Challenging The Number One Of All Races (2)

Chapter 1851: Challenging the Number One of All Races (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

During this process, the lightning tribulation exploded its flesh and blood. The lightning and flesh seemed to have sublimated, turning into a dense chaotic aura. A gray chaotic aura began to linger around Eleven’s body, reviving its flesh and blood. Ripples that contained mysterious laws appeared, giving birth to a new physique.

Boom.

Its level also instantly arrived at the level of transcendent seven times. After the gray chaotic sea of energy, seven Suns of Transcendence appeared.

“Roar!!!”

Eleven felt its body itch and was forced to shout again. Its will was clear at the same time. However, after its will was clear, it suddenly sensed the flow of time and knew that a few minutes had passed. It couldn’t help but be shocked.

When it opened its eyes, it saw that its teammates had already fallen to the ground weakly. Even Baby Ginseng sat on the ground panting. As for the Beast Tamer in front of it, he was as thin as a bag of bones, no longer human.

“Wu wu wu. Wu wu.”

Eleven’s chubby and round body immediately crawled up from the ground. Its black eyes were filled with apology as it apologized to Shi Yu for not being able to withstand the impact of its will.

“Jiejiejiejie, hehehehe.” However, Shi Yu, who was opposite him, didn’t care about this.

On his skin and bones face, his eyes revealed a green light. He was extremely happy. As expected, as expected.

“It’s good that it succeeded. The rest doesn’t matter. This time, it’s impressive, and even incomplete skills are so strong??”

Eleven also knew that Shi Yu wouldn’t care about this, but Eleven still felt a little apologetic for not being able to persist and make Shi Yu and the others suffer a little more.

However, when it heard Shi Yu mention skills, its eyes lit up.

[Fusion successful]

[Chaos Thunder Body and Battle Divine Body] had already fused into [Chaos Divine Body (Incomplete)].

Skill: Chaos Divine Body (Incomplete)

< Introduction > It can be immune to all law attacks and absorb the other party to strengthen its physique.

This skill, this skill… Although the introduction looked ordinary, Shi Yu and Eleven could confirm immediately that this skill was simply invincible.

If the previous Chaos Thunder Body could only allow Eleven to absorb ten thousand lightning bolts, even if it was cosmic tribulation lightning, then the current Chaos Divine Body was no longer afraid of any cosmic law.

Even if the cosmic will sent down a heavenly tribulation of the fire, gust, and frost nature, Eleven could ignore it like lightning.

Not only was it the calamity of the universe’s laws descended by the cosmic will, but even the attacks of other enemies… For example, the Fire Law, the Space Law, the Time Law, the Creation Law, the World Destruction Law, the Return to Zero Law… Eleven was immune to all the law divine skills and absorbed them.

As long as it was a law skill born in this universe, Eleven could ignore it, absorb it, and transform it into its physique!!

This was simply an extremely shameless terrifying physique. It countered all divine-level life forms in this era. After all, the mainstream cultivation system of this era was to cultivate the power of laws in the universe.

It could be said that with this skill, there was only one way to hurt Eleven.

Shi Yu only thought of a few experts who could do this with skills that didn’t contain the power of laws in the universe, such as pure physical strength, pure spiritual power, and pure soul power.

For example, the cosmic overlord and the Beastmaster had heard that their pure physiques could destroy a star domain with a punch without the help of the laws of the universe.

For example, the Super Empress had combined the cultivation system of the previous era and mainly cultivated her mental strength. She also didn’t have a deep understanding of the universe laws of this era.

There was also the Empress of the Worms. Before and after reaching the cosmic level, she mainly cultivated the power of her bloodline.

Perhaps only these methods could pose a threat to Eleven. As for ordinary law divine skills, unless the attacker’s level far exceeded Eleven.

Otherwise, it was definitely impossible to cause any damage.

It could be said that if the previous Eleven was at the super divine level, there were still many old antiques who could casually beat Eleven up, but now, Eleven definitely had the ability to fight them evenly.

If they wanted to hurt Eleven, they had to sacrifice many powerful methods and find other ways.

“This physique… is so strong.” At this moment, the weak Ling couldn’t help but mutter.

“Roar!!! (It’s all thanks to Big Sister’s luck blessing.)” Little Ji drooled.

“Wu!!” “Yi!!” At this moment, the entire team was drooling. It could be said that with this skill, Eleven was directly invincible in the entire team. After all, Shi Yu’s pets had yet to reach the realm where they could have very strong battle power after leaving the laws of the universe.

Baby Ginseng even started to conceptualize the anti-chaotic body energy fruit on the spot.

“Wuu!!” Sensing Shi Yu’s joy and the envy of his teammates, Eleven couldn’t help but clench its fists, its eyes shining.

“It’s already so strong just because it’s incomplete. How powerful is the complete version?” Shi Yu said. “This shouldn’t be a real ‘super divine skill’, but it feels about right. If it becomes a complete Chaos Divine Body, it will definitely be a super divine skill. It won’t be inferior to the Ultimate Devour.”

“Do you want to continue fusing other skills…” Shi Yu took a look and suddenly realized that all the other skills suddenly had compatibility with the Chaos Divine Body (incomplete).

In other words, the skill of the Chaos Divine Body could fuse with any skill and contain ten thousand skills. Chaos gave birth to extremes, and extremes gave birth to Taiji. Taiji gave birth to two elements… What he said was indeed right.

“Holy shit.” Shi Yu couldn’t help but think to himself. It was too domineering.