Chapter 1857 - Chapter 1857: Heavenly Emperor Scripture And Chaos Panda (4)

Chapter 1857: Heavenly Emperor Scripture and Chaos Panda (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“The strongest super divine Shi Yu’s initial pet, the King of the Iron-eating Beast Race, will fight the strongest individual of the strongest race, the King of the Sun!”

After Lin Xiuzhu finished speaking, the entire World King Planet was undoubtedly stunned and couldn’t even react.

“What, what?” Even the headquarters of the Myriad Race Committee was in turmoil. Lin Xiuzhu had never heard of this matter. She directly passed the Myriad Race Committee and announced. After all, even the Myriad Race Committee was qualified to decide the matter of the Star Race, let alone the battle of the Sun God General.

“Eleven and the Sun God General??”

Eleven of the Iron-eating Beast Race finally appeared again. Everyone was very surprised. It wasn’t strange for it to represent the Iron-eating Beast Race in the cub battle. However, the challenge target was the Sun God General who could also rank in the top five of the super divine peak. It really stunned everyone.

After all, in the ranking battle of all races, one couldn’t borrow the power of a Beast Tamer. Eleven already thought that, or perhaps Shi Yu already thought that it had the ability to challenge the Sun God General?

After everyone was stunned, they went completely crazy. This shocking news instantly swept through the Cosmic Sea.

Shi Yu’s initial pet, known as the strongest super divine, fought the strongest individual Sun God General of the strongest race, the Star Race, alone without the strengthening of the Beast Tamer. It was difficult not to be paid attention to such a explosive battle.

“I bet the Sun God General will win!! Although Shi Yu is a monster that only appears once in a billion years, it refers to their entire group. It’s still impossible for one pet to resist the Sun God General who has lived for billions of years, right?”

“Is there a need to bet? The Sun God will definitely win. It can mobilize the power of the stars in the entire Cosmic Sea…”

“Not necessarily. Has Shi Yu and the others not created enough miracles? However, it’s still a little ridiculous. As long as Shi Yu and Eleven challenge the Sun God General together, I’ve already suppressed them. However, I still feel that it’s a little lacking to challenge the strongest star with just a new race’s Iron-eating Beast. It’s probably really just a challenge.”

“A king of a new race challenging the strongest individual of the strongest race overall. Look at the difference. Even if he loses, no one will feel anything. After all, one is less than ten years old, and the other has already lived for billions of years.”

The entire World King Planet was in a heated discussion. Senior Panda looked at the rising popularity and was very satisfied.

This competition would definitely be paid attention to by the entire Cosmic Sea. Even the experts from the other cosmic territories would pay attention. If Eleven won, the Iron-eating Beast race would really be famous in the universe.

Lin Xiuzhu really didn’t expect that her and Shi Yu’s combination of advertising for the Iron-eating Beast could reach the universe.

“Shi Yu, how’s your preparation?” Lin Xiuzhu looked in Blue Planet’s direction.

At the same time.

Blue Planet…

Shi Yu and the others had just completed the fusion of new skills.

[Fusion successful]

[Yin Yang Millstone, Light and Darkness Control, One Thought of God and Demon] had already fused into [Yin Yang Control].

Skill: Yin Yang Control

< Introduction > Everything has Yin and Yang. It can’t be ruptured and is interdependent. Everything contains the characteristics of Yin and Yang. Yin and Yang Control can split Yin and Yang, reverse Yin and Yang, and obliterate everything. It can also adjust Yin and Yang and nurture and create everything…

At this moment, the black and white color on Eleven’s body was originally purely black and white, but now, every color contained endless profundities. The strange law was the power of Yin Yang.

Another divine skill that wasn’t inferior to the Chaos Divine Body was born. As Eleven learned Yin Yang Control, its Chaos Divine Body, Yin Yang Control, and even the Eight Trigrams Clone seemed to have undergone a strange change. Both parties resonated and evolved.

As the saying went, chaos gave birth to endless, endless gave birth to Taiji, Taiji gave birth to two elements, two elements gave birth to four symbols, and the four symbols gave birth to eight trigrams…

Chaos was the Chaos Divine Body, Yin and Yang Control, and Eight Trigrams was the Eight Trigrams Clone…

These three concepts kept circulating in Eleven’s body, shocking Shi Yu. Eleven, who had just broken through not long ago, broke through again and reached the eighth level.

“Damn it, although Yin Yang Control has reached the top of the divine skill and is even close to the combination of the Star Sea Contract and the origin fluctuations, it’s actually still a little inferior to a super divine skill.”

“However, this increase is already very terrifying. Most importantly, it actually established a connection with skills like the Chaos Divine Body and the Eight Trigrams Clone…”

“Wuu!!!” At this moment, Eleven had yet to realize the key to the problem. While it was still immersed in the joy of breaking through, Shi Yu’s gaze was already constantly circling around him, Buggy, Chi Tong, Shorty, Turtle, and the Little Quas!

“I might be able to do this.”

Shi Yu thought to himself that the current Eleven had mastered the power of chaos, Yin Yang, and eight trigrams.

As for the other pets, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others had mastered the power of the four symbols.

As for himself, he had mastered the Taiji Domain.

Perhaps he could think of a way to help Eleven integrate these powers. At that time, he might be able to nurture a true chaotic body.

As long as he mastered this ultimate physique, he might be able to challenge even the cosmic overlord, Cypos, and the Sun God General was nothing.

After all, the ultimate concept of chaos came from before the “universe” was born. If Eleven could master the complete chaotic body, it would definitely be one of the best clueless in the universe.

“I originally wanted to create the Green Dragon Domain into materials for Buggy to eat. From the looks of it, I have to reference the Green Dragon Domain and the power of Chi Tong and the others to self-study the Vermillion Bird Domain, the Black Tortoise Domain, and the White Tiger Domain. Then, with the Taiji Domain, I’ll create five special metals for Eleven to eat and create the evolution process of chaos. In this way, can Eleven enter the cosmic level?”

“It feels like I’m serving Eleven by nurturing the Four Saints myself.”

The more Shi Yu thought about it, the more excited he became. He felt that this cultivation idea was alright. This was a complete Chaos Panda. He drooled, making the surrounding pets shiver.

“Sob.” Eleven also took a step back and looked at Shi Yu. It knew that it was very strong now. Shi Yu felt a sense of accomplishment, but they were already old partners. It couldn’t be so reserved, right?