Chapter 1855 - Chapter 1855: Heavenly Emperor Scripture And Chaos Panda (2)

Chapter 1855: Heavenly Emperor Scripture and Chaos Panda (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The last step was for the Dao Seed to completely mature and become a Dao Fruit. The form of the Dao Fruit was like a small ginseng baby, but the color was slightly different from other individuals, containing the power of the sky.

When the cultivator completely fused with the Dao Fruit and the two parties fused into one, the Wind Law and the Life Law also began to be born, modifying this originally ordinary awakening-level ginseng baby clone into a divine-level race’s divine-level wind-element and wood-element Undying Medicine supplement that had mastered the Wind Law and the Life Law.

“Yiya.” After a cultivation process, Baby Ginseng’s clone beside him had already become an Undying Divine Medicine. Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu and patted its chest to ask how it was.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “Did you reference Buggy’s power of imagination and the meditation technique of the spiritual element? By letting the supplement race visualize other things, this thing can be the sky, lightning, sun, or sword… to let the supplement race obtain the nature of these things.”

“This stage can already be called an ‘evolution skill’.”

“Although from the looks of it, the evolution range isn’t big. It can only allow cultivators to evolve a levelless or even low-level skill, it’s already enough to change their fate.”

“A further step is the true beginning of cultivation, the true entry level. From this stage, it’s to let the supplement race evolve towards a divine-level race. It can further visualize and let the corresponding Dao Seed be born in the depths of its soul. Then, it can nurture a Dao Seed. This process allows the mind, soul, and body to become one, giving birth to three Flowers of Life and modifying the body…”

“The body is enough to withstand the Dao Fruit, and the Dao Fruit can take shape. The current Dao Fruit already contains weak laws. When it fuses with the Dao Fruit, it completely masters the power of laws corresponding to the visualization target.”

“The weaker the item visualized, the easier it is to cultivate. The stronger the thing visualized, the harder it is to cultivate. The upper limit is about a divine-level race.”

“Yiyi!!” Baby Ginseng nodded. Although its clone cultivated relatively quickly, that was because it was controlling it. If it were an ordinary ginseng baby, it would probably be difficult. The first step could crush countless ginseng babies, but there was no other way.

It had already worked very hard to lower the threshold. It could become stronger and evolve just by constantly visualizing and strengthening its faith. There was no simpler skill than this. Although the cultivation difficulty wasn’t low, the cultivation threshold was definitely low.

Of course, it was only for supplement races. The cultivation method it created could only be cultivated by supplement races without attack skills.

“This skill cultivation method should have been modified by you through the fusion of the World Tree Fruit, Cultivation Fruit, Soul Fruit, Wood Control, Life Divine Body, and other skills, right?”

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng nodded and even borrowed the power of the cosmic tree seed.

Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng. This guy was really a genius. This was indeed a cultivation technique that combined evolution, growth, and skills.

“Let me think. If I give it a name.” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Visualization? Visualization skill? It was too low-level. How could it be worthy of Baby Ginseng’s hard work? Dao Fruit skill? It was too direct.

“Forget it, I’ll clueless with you.”

“This cultivation technique will be called the ‘Heavenly Emperor Scripture’.” Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “The first guiding realm is called the Visualization Realm. The second transformation realm is called the Evolution Realm. The third is called the Dao Seed Realm. The fourth is called the Three Flowers Convergence Realm. The fifth is called the Dao Fruit Realm. The sixth is called the Dao Integration Realm. After reaching the sixth realm, it will evolve into the Undying God Race and become an Undying Divine Medicine. Then, it will graduate!”

“Yi!!!” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Baby Ginseng’s eyes lit up, and the aura on its body rose steadily. As its cultivation method was perfected, Baby Ginseng’s realm directly went from transcendent seven times to transcendent eight times. Then, right on the heels of that, it transcended nine times!! Only then did it stop, scaring Shi Yu.

“Holy shit.” Shi Yu was stunned as he realized the difference in Baby Ginseng.

Sensing Baby Ginseng, at this moment, there was another skill.

< Name > Heart of the Heavenly Emperor

< Introduction > The more supplement races that cultivate the Heavenly Emperor Scripture to perfection, the stronger the founder.

This was a f*cking different faith skill?

“Sure.” Shi Yu realized that Baby Ginseng had gained an epiphany again and successfully created a skill on its own. He nodded excitedly. As expected of the number one in the team.

There was probably only one pet in Shi Yu’s team that frequently developed new skills without using skill fusion.

Of course, Shi Yu looked at the cosmic tree seed worn by Baby Ginseng and felt that apart from creating a skill cultivation method that matched its heart, Baby Ginseng’s breakthrough this time was also related to this incomplete cosmic treasure. Baby Ginseng, who was nourished by this, had always improved the fastest in Shi Yu’s team.

He didn’t know who among the pets in the team could be the first to step into the cosmic level.

“Yi, Yi!!” After breaking through, Baby Ginseng was also overjoyed. Under the shocked gazes of the other pets, it stuck out its chest and asked Shi Yu for leave.

“Where are you going?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yi.” It was about to start preaching. It would first spread the “Heavenly Emperor Scripture” to the entire Blue Planet, the entire World King Planet…

“Let’s do something serious. The entire team is crying for food and waiting for you to heal them. Can’t we just let our clones do the preaching?” Shi Yu said.