Chapter 1858 - Chapter 1858: The Prediction Dream Of A Cosmic Overlord (1)

Chapter 1858: The Prediction Dream of a Cosmic Overlord (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Chaos Divine Body, Yin Yang Control…

It was far from Eleven’s limit. Putting aside the Chaos Path Shi Yu had conceptualized, just the two skills, Star Refinement and Weapon Control, could strengthen Eleven again.

“Hu…”

After completing the fusion of Yin Yang Control, the entire team went limp. Shi Yu lay on the ground and said, “There’s still time. Ling, it should be enough to bring Eleven to find a black hole and a white hole to refine, right?”

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven was eager to try.

Ling said as it charged, “If it were before, it might have been a little difficult, but now that Eleven has learned the Chaos Divine Body and Yin Yang Control, refining the Black and White Cave and cooperating with the Star Refinement should be a piece of cake for it.”

“That’s good.” Shi Yu grinned.

If Eleven could refine the black hole and white hole, it would be completely stable.

Black holes and white holes were the two strongest cosmic disasters.

The Star Race was powerful, right? But even these forms had to avoid black holes when they saw them.

Perhaps only a peak star like the Sun God General could ignore black holes, but only some weaker black holes.

In the universe, only the Cosmic Behemoth Race had no need to be afraid of black holes.

Among them, the Dark Universe Behemoth Race could also use weaker black holes as food. They were also the only race that could naturally master the power of black holes.

It couldn’t be helped. Although the Star Race was the strongest race in the Cosmic Sea, it was still a little inferior to the cosmic behemoth, the Space Worm, and the polluted race.

The Cosmic Sea formed by the World King Planet+all races in the starry sky (including the Star Race) = Behemoth Empire = Contaminated Land = Worm Mother Nest. And the Behemoth Empire was a paradise for cosmic beasts. It was natural for cosmic beasts to be strong.

In the entire universe, the Star Race was definitely not the strongest race.

However, even the Cosmic Behemoth Race couldn’t master the two cosmic disasters of opposite properties at the same time.

Perhaps cosmic-levels could, but at their level, there was no need to use this as a sure-kill skill.

And now, what Shi Yu wanted Eleven to do was to refine the black hole and the white hole at the same time.

Even the ancestor of the Star Refining Race didn’t dare to imagine this. They could at most refine stars, but Eleven was different. Apart from Star Refining, it had other skills.

Just as Ling had said, Eleven now had the Chaos Divine Body and was naturally immune to the power of the black hole and the white hole. At the same time, it had the control of Yin and Yang and could adjust Yin and Yang and their Balance, so it was easier to control.

Shi Yu didn’t want Eleven to control them because he liked their destructive power. It was purely because black holes and white holes contained the nature of space and time.

Now, most races had moves to simulate black holes, but they were mainly dark-element. If they were stronger, they would only have multiple spatial-element stats. However, in fact, the main stats of the black hole were space and time, including the white hole. As long as he mastered these two celestial arms, Eleven’s control over the power of space and time would be stronger.

This was also confirmed by Qi. It had always felt that the combination of the black hole and the white hole was a little similar to the spatial travel it mastered, but it wasn’t as stable as its skill.

If he mastered it, Eleven could also be more helpful when it broke through to the cosmic level.

At this moment, he would let Eleven test the water first. If the difficulty wasn’t high, the Effect was alright. He could also let other pets try to refine it. If the difficulty was too high for other pets, he could only let them refine other high-level stars.

Buggy and the others didn’t know, but Qi and Bu Lu could probably succeed. It was purely a racial advantage.

The Dark King and the Beastmaster were indeed eyeing the Cosmic Sea covetously.

The Dark King coveted the territory of the Cosmic Sea and wanted to pollute it into its own territory to complete its evolution. As for the Beastmaster, it coveted the complete World King and wanted to completely devour the World King to complete its evolution.

As long as they successfully obtained what they wanted, they could reach the second level of the cosmic level and have strength comparable to the cosmic overlord, Cypos.

Now was the best time. Firstly, the World King consumed a lot of strength to help Shi Yu transmigrate. Then, the Super Empress accelerated the condensation of the source of transcendence in the universe, causing the vitality of the universe to be poor. It directly gave the Dark King an opportunity to further weaken the universe and the World King.

For the next battle, the Dark King and the Beastmaster were paying attention to the situation in the Cosmic Sea at the same time.

However, what these two cosmic emperors didn’t expect was that they didn’t believe that the Cosmic Sea couldn’t sense the abnormality, but in this situation, as the number one general of the Cosmic Sea, the Sun God General actually had the time to fight Shi Yu’s pet in the ranking battle of all races?

Was there… a conspiracy?

No matter how the think tank of the Contaminated Land and the Behemoth Empire analyzed this action, they couldn’t analyze the principle.

“Shi Yu…”

On the Dark Throne in the polluted land, the Dark King rejected the existence of Shi Yu and the Empress.

It hated these two guys who had transmigrated from the last era and interfered with the progress of this era.

If it remembered correctly, there was once a bald transmigrator who made enemies with it many times.

Now, after billions of years, another transmigrator who had contracted a cleansing star spirit appeared. He was destined to be its enemy in the future. The Dark King really couldn’t be happy.

After all, if the other party wanted to enter the cosmic level, it would definitely fight it.

Most importantly, the only cosmic-level transmigrator was also on the other party’s side. This made the Dark King feel that he couldn’t let this group of transmigrators grow anymore.

At this moment, joining forces with the Beastmaster to attack the Cosmic Sea was the best choice.