Chapter 1854 - Chapter 1854: Heavenly Emperor Scripture And Chaos Panda (1)

Chapter 1854: Heavenly Emperor Scripture and Chaos Panda (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu had always supported what pets liked to do.

It gave them enough autonomy and even the right to privacy.

For example, Shi Yu had never looked at Baby Ginseng’s research on the Anti-Teammate Energy Fruit, nor would he reveal it to other pets. It was very fair.

As for why it was three hands, he was afraid that they would be proud if he left one behind.

Now, if Baby Ginseng wanted the supplement races in the starry sky universe to have some self-defense methods like Baby Ginseng on Blue Planet, Shi Yu felt that it wasn’t impossible.

This wasn’t meaningless, because there was indeed a faith system in the world. What Baby Ginseng did was a great merit for the supplement race. In the future, when it took shape, Baby Ginseng could also benefit.

Of course, for some races who used supplements as food, it was a little scammy.

At that time, they would hate Baby Ginseng, probably the same as Susu hated the Dark King…

However, what Baby Ginseng could actually do wasn’t too much. After all, the target it faced was a trillion supplement races. There were so many of them. Even if Baby Ginseng was at the cosmic level, it was impossible for it to make these supplement races stand up all at once.

Even if it was its race on Blue Planet, Baby Ginseng could only let their bloodlines awaken a low-level battle skill.

Baby Ginseng was a race that wasn’t good at battle to begin with. After awakening this low-level battle skill, it was impossible for it to defeat a predator.

But this way, at least it wouldn’t be like before where they could only wait for death and escape. As long as some ginseng babies were willing to work hard, it might not be impossible to train this low-level skill to become proficient and increase the chances of survival.

Baby Ginseng felt that it was enough to do this. At least, it could let some supplement races see hope for the future.

It didn’t want to protect the supplement race, but it wanted many supplement races like it, who were born without battle power, to have hope of resisting fate.

“Yi.”

At this moment, after Shi Yu finished encouraging him and was just about to leave, Baby Ginseng stopped Shi Yu.

“Why, do you need my help?” Shi Yu stopped and asked.

“Yes, yes.” Baby Ginseng nodded crazily. In fact, the cultivation technique it wanted to create already had a prototype. It wasn’t a problem for it to create any divine skill for a life form that had transcended the high-level.

Moreover, Baby Ginseng had comprehension to begin with. After researching so many anti-teammate energy fruits, it could be said to be the most creative in Shi Yu’s team. Creating a cultivation method now wasn’t a problem for it.

“Yi!! (Help me name it.)” Baby Ginseng said. It wanted Shi Yu to help it name the cultivation technique it created.

“What, you want me to name it???” Shi Yu was stunned. Was he sure Baby Ginseng didn’t have a fever?

Don’t you know your Beast Tamer level? You’ve already transcended the high-level, and you’re still using the name “Baby Ginseng”. Why don’t you know your own limits?

“Yiyi.” Baby Ginseng shook its head. It knew Shi Yu’s dilettantish, middling skills.

However, Shi Yu had to name this cultivation technique.

It planned to let Shi Yu participate in the creation of the cultivation method. This way, if possible, some supplement races would also believe in Shi Yu.

At that time, even if it died one day, there would be countless supplement races to act as supplements for Shi Yu, ensuring that Shi Yu didn’t die.

Of course, Baby Ginseng didn’t say anything. It just pulled Shi Yu along and let Shi Yu give it a name, like a child acting cute.

“Let me think.”

“You have to let me see the process of the cultivation method first, right?”

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng expressed that there was no problem and immediately called over an awakening-level ginseng baby clone.

The level-three awakened ginseng baby clone it created was no different from the lowest level ginseng baby and supplement race in nature. Apart from a little life force that was very nutritious for mortals and new Beast Tamers, there was nothing special about it.

In fact, even a stronger brat could toy with this ginseng baby clone like pulling out a radish and nibble on a few teeth marks.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng began to let this clone cultivate the cultivation technique it had created from the beginning.

Under Shi Yu’s gaze, the clone suddenly closed its eyes. Shi Yu used the contract connection with Baby Ginseng to observe the changes in the clone’s body.

In the depths of the spirit of this ginseng baby clone, no, its brain began to imagine a scene.

That scene was an ordinary sky, a sky with a breeze as far as the eye could see.

As the ginseng baby clone visualized, this visualization diagram of the wind in the sky slowly fused into this ginseng baby clone and began to subtly change its body.

Slowly, this ginseng baby clone began to evolve slightly. Its body became incomparably light, as if it had turned into wind. Its movement speed was extremely fast. With its eyes closed, it began to use its messy escape footwork.

In the end, a pair of Wind Flower Wings that could fly actually evolved.

Although it was only equivalent to a levelless skill and low-level skill and didn’t have much battle power, it was already a rare gain for a ginseng baby.

At least… it increased its ability to escape.

This wasn’t the end. It was still continuing to evolve. Evolution of the Wind Flower Wings was only the beginning. When it proficiently used the Wind Flower Wings, a green Dao Seed was born in the depths of this ginseng baby’s soul.

Through constantly nurturing the Dao Seed, the seed kept growing, further subtly changing the physique of the cultivator until the seed strengthened and bloomed with three flowers that contained strong life force. The physique of the cultivator could already be called a super life body.