Chapter 1853 - Chapter 1853: Challenging The Number One Of All Races (4)

Chapter 1853: Challenging the Number One of All Races (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Sun God General:

As he watched Shi Yu leave, the Sun God General fell into deep thought.

When Shi Yu left, he could clearly sense that the Sun God General was indifferent to this competition.

He couldn’t help but smile. If the Sun God General dared to underestimate Eleven, he would be wrong.

Eleven wouldn’t lose this battle.

After all, if it lost, how could it challenge the Tauren sitting on the throne of a cosmic overlord in the future, the strongest in the era, Cypos?

That was Eleven’s final challenge target.

After bidding farewell to the Sun God General, Shi Yu descended on the World King Planet on the way and arrived at the Dong Huang Realm. Ever since Shi Yu became a super divine, the Dong Huang Realm naturally automatically upgraded to a first-level realm.

Facilities like the Myriad Race Ranking Battle could register for the competition in their own world.

Shi Yu came this time to tell the person in charge of the ranking battle of the ten thousand races in his realm that he wanted to fight the Sun God…

Ten Thousand Races Ranking Committee, Dong Huang Branch.

A woman in a panda casual suit was approving the documents. When she saw that the Iron-eating Beast Race’s ranking had already risen to 20220, she couldn’t help but smile.

“Ah, President Lin, I’m busy.” In the quiet office, a figure suddenly appeared. Lin Xiuzhu suddenly looked at Shi Yu and said, “Hey, hey, hey, even if you’re a realm lord, you can’t barge into other people’s offices, right?”

“Didn’t I accidentally teleport over after locking onto the aura?” Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment.

The current president of the Myriad Races Committee in the Dong Huang Realm was Lin Xiuzhu.

It could be said that Shi Yu didn’t let the other party plant people in the official organization that settled in the Dong Huang Realm. Instead, he distributed them to his friends on Blue Planet. It was mainly because the salary wasn’t low and their social status was high. As for being busy… he could completely slack off and throw them to his assistant or pet!

For example, Senior Lu had already thrown the position of prison director to her Wind Demon Lion.

However, for Senior Panda, she liked the job of ranking battles of all races very much. It was mainly because she could see at a glance the native races of Blue Planet rising their rankings step by step in the starry sky of the universe, especially the Iron-eating Beasts. It was very fulfilling.

Now, the Iron-eating Beast race from Blue Planet grew the fastest among the ten thousand races in the starry sky. They had already reached more than 20,000.

Of course, this was also thanks to Shi Yu. Because of Shi Yu and Eleven’s performance, the geniuses of the floating, Heavenly Demon, and Dong Xuan major realms ran to Dong Huang to contract the Iron-eating Beast to nurture. Apart from that, even Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, the Tyrannical Sea, Divine Source, and President Lin’s new pets had also subdued the Iron-eating Beast to nurture. It was mainly because Eleven’s battle power was too tempting.

However, it was worth affirming that it was impossible for them to nurture a monster like Eleven.

But even so, the Iron-eating Beasts were loved and respected by so many big shots, causing their status to rise. Under Lin Xiuzhu’s Poof, these Iron-eating Beasts cultivated by the big shots could casually participate in the ranking battle of all races and quickly increase the ranking of the Iron-eating Beast race.

It could be said that although Eleven hadn’t fought in the ranking battle of all races for a long time, Lin Xiuzhu, who was bewitched by Eleven, didn’t stop the Iron-eating Beast from fighting in the ranking battle of all races.

“Busy person, what’s the matter? Didn’t Teacher Ying say that you went to explore the ruins?” asked the panda senior.

“Yes, I want Eleven to participate in a ranking battle of all races.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’ve already made an appointment with my opponent.”

“Really?” The panda senior was stunned and had a pleasantly surprised expression.

She knew Eleven’s strength. It was already at the super divine level. Now, the reason why the Iron-eating Beast race’s ranking increased slowly was because no super divine level participant participated.

Although many big shots had taken a fancy to the Iron-eating Beast, apart from Eleven, the strongest Iron-eating Beast, which was her and Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast, was only a perfect divine.

If Eleven represented the Iron-eating Beast Race to win a few battles and defeat a few super divines, the overall ranking of the Iron-eating Beast Race would quickly enter the top ten thousand, even the top thousand, or even the top hundred.

“Who’s the opponent?” Lin Xiuzhu asked quickly.

“Star Race, Sun God General.”

“Pfft.” Senior Panda couldn’t help but be a little stunned. She widened her beautiful eyes and looked at Shi Yu. “Let Eleven… fight that Sun God General??”

“Is it the Sun God General at the peak of the super divine level I know?”

“Yeah.” Shi Yu casually sat opposite Senior Panda and said, “I’ve already made an appointment with my opponent. It’s indeed a little difficult in a month, but it doesn’t matter. I’ll leave it to you to operate. No problem, right?”

“No problem! I believe in Eleven! Even Teacher Ying can reach the peak of the super divine level so quickly. Eleven must have already reached the peak of the super divine level, right? Although the speed is a little unscientific, it’s very likely if it’s you.”

Senior Panda’s eyes lit up. Great. She said, “Let me think about how to make it more newsworthy.”

Shi Yu smiled. This guy’s business genius attributes were still the same, but was it really alright for him to say that about Teacher Ying?

“Yes, the ‘newbies’ of the Space Race, which is also the race that entered the top 10,000 of the Space Race for the first time, have an opportunity to specify a certain large race in the top 100 to challenge. The races on both sides will each produce an individual battle. This challenge is called the ‘Young Lion Battle’.”

“The challenger of the ‘Young Lion Battle’ won’t fall in ranking if he loses the competition, but if he wins, his ranking will increase greatly. It’s a small mechanism of the ranking battle of all races. We can start with the Young Lion Battle. The attention will be higher.”

“A month, give me a month. I’ll get Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast and the others to rank the Iron-eating Beast Race in the top 10,000 as soon as possible. Then, your Iron-eating Beast will challenge the cub, and the target will be the Sun God General. This way, the attention will be the highest.”

“At the same time, it can also greatly increase the Iron-eating Beast ranking in one go! It’s a big surprise for the Cosmic Sea.”

“They definitely didn’t expect that not only are you strong yourself, but the entire team is also strong. Now that you’ve pulled out a pet alone, it’s already standing at the top of the universe!” Seeing Shi Yu and Eleven become stronger step by step, Senior Panda was even happier than Shi Yu himself.

“Alright.” Shi Yu looked at the excited panda senior and smiled. “I’ll leave it to you. Then I’ll get Eleven to wait for the battle.”

…

After instructing Senior Panda, Shi Yu returned to Blue Planet to see how his pets were recovering. Shi Yu went out alone and left his pets to recover with the help of Baby Ginseng’s power of the Blue Planet’s world…

Although they had only gone out for a short period of time, under Baby Ginseng’s hard work, the pets basically recovered their vitality.

“What are you doing?” After observing the situation of the pets, Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng. At this moment, it was wearing the cosmic tree seed and doing some miserable research on a group of awakening-level ginseng baby clones.

It looked like it recovered the fastest and had even invested in new work.

“Research the Anti-Chaotic Body Energy Fruit?”

“Yi, Yiya.” After Baby Ginseng finished speaking, Shi Yu was amused. It had to be said that Baby Ginseng was indeed the most thoughtful existence in the team…

It wasn’t researching the Anti-Chaotic Body Energy Fruit. After thinking about it, Baby Ginseng had already started. It no longer pursued first place in the team and wanted to do something more meaningful.

After Shi Yu’s pets broke through to the super divine level, they gave a certain amount of feedback to their races. For example, Baby Ginseng allowed the Baby Ginseng race on Blue Planet to master some battle skills.

However, Baby Ginseng wasn’t satisfied with this.

It wanted to develop a “cultivation method” that was suitable for all the weak supplement races to cultivate. It was similar to meditation, a cultivation method with an extremely low threshold. Then, it would preach to the billions of planets in the starry sky of the universe, giving all the supplement races a chance to resist their fate. At this moment, for countless supplement races, the ginseng emperor was undoubtedly doing a great thing.

It had actually wanted to do it for a long time, but only now did it have the ability.

Baby Ginseng didn’t think that the guys who treated supplement races as prey were wrong, but it felt that some supplement races naturally didn’t have the slightest power to resist fate. This was the fault of the universe. It wanted to correct this mistake.

“Yi! (As long as I become the idol of all the supplement races, it will be easier for you to add points, Shi Yu. With my command, countless supplement races will contribute faith nourishing power from the starry sky of the universe… Great supplement!)”

“Good heavens, I support you,” Shi Yu said. “But countless years later, those who want to eat supplements might curse.”