Chapter 1859 - Chapter 1859: The Prediction Dream Of A Cosmic Overlord (2)

Chapter 1859: The Prediction Dream of a Cosmic Overlord (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The Dark King was even prepared to face the Super Empress and the World King at the same time. However, the only person they were afraid of and had yet to attack was another figure.

A cosmic overlord.

Although the cosmic overlords also didn’t get along with the Super Empress and had once sealed the Super Empress, and it was impossible for them to be on the same side as the Super Empress, after so long, the Super Empress didn’t say anything when she appeared as a cosmic overlord this time. This ambiguous attitude made the Dark King hesitate.

“Your Majesty Dark King.”

“You want us to observe the overlord territory… The cosmic overlord has finally made a move.”

“The other party’s destination should be confirmed to be… the Cosmic Sea, World King Planet!”

Boom.

As a black-robed figure appeared and reported the information, a huge aura erupted from the Dark King’s body. “I understand.”

“That guy finally made a move.”

“Then, whether the next war can be carried out depends on this guy’s attitude.”

Half a month later.

In the Cosmic Sea.

“We came back at the right time!”

On a battleship from the overlord territory, a top-notch Divine Realm black bull looked at the cosmic newspaper and said excitedly,

“The seventh cosmic throne candidate, Eleven, the number one general under Shi Yu, vs the number one general under the World King, the Sun God General.”

“Really?” Zi Jian, the captain of the special forces, was slightly shocked when he saw Zi Jian snatch the newspaper and take a look.

This guy really didn’t stop.

Ever since they separated in the overlord territory, it had actually only been a few years. The Zi Jian’s special forces had always stopped at the overlord territory to replenish their supplies.

However, too many things had happened during this period of time. They were even famous in the overlord territory.

First, Shi Yu challenged Glory Challenge to kill the Four Saints super divine. Then, Shi Yu killed hundreds of epoch gods, hundreds of super divines, and became a candidate for the seventh universe throne. This news bombardment directly stunned them.

They originally thought that Shi Yu’s battle results of passing the Glory Challenge in the 13th Heaven in the overlord territory were already heaven-defying, but they didn’t expect Shi Yu to be even more brutal after returning to the Cosmic Sea. It made them a little regretful that they didn’t come with him to watch the commotion.

However, it wasn’t too late now. Now that Examiner Jermon of the Demolishing Divine Bull was no longer afraid to go home. He was someone who had given Shi Yu an exam. Even Shi Yu had joined the overlord army. It didn’t believe that its ancestor would restrict it.

“As expected, coming back was the right choice.” After confirming that Eleven really wanted to fight the Sun God, Zi Jian swallowed his saliva and said, “Accelerate, accelerate, accelerate.”

“However, can it work? Fighting that Sun God General with just one pet…”

“It’s probably difficult, but as long as we resist, it’s enough to prove Shi Yu’s horror,” Jermon said.

They clearly didn’t think highly of Shi Yu challenging the Sun God alone.

“Captain!! Captain!!”

However, just as they finished speaking, with a boom, the entire battleship trembled. At the same time, the voice of the navigator came.

“Not good, we accidentally entered the domain of a black hole. Moreover, it’s an especially large-quality super black hole.”

The frightened voice of his subordinate sounded, stunning Captain Zi Jian, who was holding the newspaper, and the Demolishing Divine Bull beside him.

Then, Captain Zi Jian, who had tiger teeth and long purple hair, directly opened his mouth and cursed, “You f*cking trash, what are you doing? You couldn’t detect the border of an especially large black hole and directly barged in??”

At this moment, Zi Jian was numb.

Regarding the black hole disaster that existed in the starry sky, they had a domain. If they were outside the domain, they couldn’t observe the situation in the domain. Therefore, ordinary battleships couldn’t see the black hole, and when they saw the black hole, it also meant that they had entered the domain of the black hole. They could completely wait to die.

Compared to ordinary fleets, the black hole was more threatening, but for the battleships of the cosmic overlord army, they had corresponding detection methods. The navigator could also accurately predict the location of the domain and avoid such a disaster. There was no reason to directly barge into such a terrifying place.

Meeting this thing was simply much more fatal than encountering disasters like the Starry Sky Storm and Cold Silence.

The battleship of the Zijian Special Forces immediately became a mess. Countless people lay on the protective wall and looked at the dark red world outside. They felt that the battleship was being crazily attracted by the power of the black hole and gradually lost control of the battleship.

“F*ck…” The Demolishing Divine Bull was also numb. It said in a daze, “Old Master, you’re right. I shouldn’t have joined this bullsh*t overlord army. Isn’t it good to stay on World King Planet?”

Zi Jian: “?”

In the face of life and death, the bull decisively abandoned its dream.

“It’s over.” After sensing the horror of this black hole, even a celestial-level life form would be swallowed. Captain Zi Jian’s face was pale.

At this moment, the mental fortitude of the seafarer from the Zijian Special Forces was pretty good. She was still working hard to control the battleship to break free from the attraction of the black hole, but how could she do such a thing? However, as she kept shaking, a miracle… appeared.

Under her incredulous expression, the huge black hole in the black hole domain in front of her seemed to have shrunk and kept shrinking. After carefully observing through the battleship detector, she revealed an incredulous expression.

In the most dangerous center of the black hole, a black and white bear race flew, completely ignoring the super gravity of the black hole. It stretched out its arm, and in its palm was a white light ball. Soon, another black dot appeared beside the white light ball. This dot seemed to be the key to the shrinking of the black hole…