Chapter 1852 - Chapter 1852: Challenging The Number One Of All Races (3)

Chapter 1852: Challenging the Number One of All Races (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Alright, you’re a real Chaos Panda now…” Shi Yu said, “When we rest, we’ll continue fusing other skills.”

“Now, everyone is recuperating. Eleven, study the Chaotic Body yourself.”

“Wuu!!” Eleven bowed to everyone crazily, indicating that it would definitely end the battle in half a minute next time.

Baby Ginseng, on the other hand, started to suck Blue Planet’s blood with everyone in envy.

After Shi Yu recovered a little, he went out to the starry sky alone.

Although Eleven couldn’t persist, Shi Yu’s heart itched when he saw the power of Eleven’s Chaos Divine Body. He wanted to see it fight.

A suitable opponent… Blue Planet, Goddess Wa, and the little nun. To be honest, there weren’t many, but it was meaningless to fight these targets.

Instead, the Sun God General was the best choice.

There was no other reason than that the Sun God would be the strongest in the life of a star.

As for stellar life forms, they were ranked first among the ten thousand races in the starry sky.

The ranking of the ten thousand races in the starry sky was a competition of the overall strength of the race. The consciousness born by the star race was that of a super divine, which was to be born into a super divine. In addition, the ranking battle of the ten thousand races in the starry sky was the ranking competition of the Cosmic Sea. Therefore, the first throne belonged to the star race.

Just as they arrived at the World King Planet, Eleven was very interested in the ranking battle of all races. On Blue Planet, there were very few Iron-eating Beasts at the start, and their reputation wasn’t obvious. The reputation of the Iron-eating Beasts was all fought out step by step by Shi Yu and Eleven through various competitions such as the Class Tournament, the National Tournament, and the World Tournament. It could be said that Eleven was the representative of the Iron-eating Beast race, the symbol of the Iron-eating Beast race, the king of the Iron-eating Beasts. Eleven also liked this feeling very much, so it had always been very concerned about the strength of its race.

Now, giving Eleven a chance to let the Iron-eating Beast race reach the top could be considered to have satisfied its initial wish. Perfecting its mind could undoubtedly increase Eleven’s chances of advancing to the cosmic level.

On World King Planet, in front of the nine super divine level stars, Shi Yu arrived in front of the one with the strongest aura. Soon, a flaming figure slowly walked out and looked at Shi Yu.

“Shi Yu.” The Sun God General wasn’t very surprised by Shi Yu’s arrival.

“I believe you’ve also discovered the abnormality of the universe. Bing Ling has already looked for you, right? Then you should have come this time to learn more about the Contaminated Land from me…”

“Huh?” Shi Yu said, “No.”

“Sun God General, can I invite you to fight a ranking battle with my Iron-eating Beast?”

“I’ve checked the information. When you were ‘young’, you were also a fanatic about the ranking battle of all races, right?”

Sun God General: ???

The Sun God General was clearly a little stunned and stunned. It suspected that it had heard wrongly.

The ranking battle of all races?

Shi Yu specially came to find it for this??

“What are you doing?” The Sun God General was confused.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “What can I do? I just want to satisfy the wish of a pet. As the representative of a race and the leader of a race, its dream is to let the Iron-eating Beast Race reach the top of the strongest race in the universe. As the strongest individual of the Star Race ranked first among the ten thousand races in the starry sky, you have always been its challenge target.”

“Sorry, I’m not interested…” The Sun God General couldn’t help but say. Now that a cosmic war could erupt at any time, how could it care about such a child-like competition?

Although it was indeed passionate about this competition a long, long time ago and it was the one who led the Star Race to first place, that was billions of years ago. In its opinion, such a competition was already an empty title. It was no different from a child playing house.

However, what it didn’t know was that Eleven was still a child and was at the stage where it needed honor and recognition.

Shi Yu had no choice. Who didn’t have two children? For the sake of their child, he had to fight this Sun God.

“I know a friend at the peak of the super divine level. She’s not Goddess Wa, not the Star Prayer Cat, not the Blue Planet’s Will, but another one. She’s expert in the power of cleansing. If the Sun God General can satisfy my little wish… I can work hard and invite her over to protect the Cosmic Sea and the World King Planet. If there’s a cosmic-level dispute in the future…”

The Sun God General fell silent again.

He had never seen such a shameless person like Shi Yu.

However, where did Shi Yu get to know a new peak super divine?

“Alright, when?” In the end, the Sun God General still gave in. If it could pull in an ally at the peak of the super divine level just by competing, it could still.

In addition, the Sun God General didn’t find this competition difficult.

If it was just fighting Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast…

If Shi Yu’s entire team joined forces, it would indeed be powerful. Perhaps it wouldn’t be his match either.

However, it was only one of more than ten pets, and there was no Beast Tamer to strengthen it. It was just a one-on-one battle… The Sun God General felt that with its strength, it might be able to end the battle in a second.

The strength of a Beast Tamer was that they could fight with all their pets as a whole. The Sun God General didn’t deny that Shi Yu was very strong, but the Sun God General didn’t believe that a pet alone could threaten it.

After all, among the super divine levels in the entire universe, its strength was also the strongest. It was far from what the peak super divine subordinates created by the Dark King and the peak super divine heirs born by the Worm Queen could compare to.

“In a month,” Shi Yu said. “Friendship first, competition second. Thank you, Lord Sun God. I’ll go to the ranking battle of all races to make an appointment.”