Chapter 1850 - Chapter 1850 Challenging The Number One Of All Races (1)

Chapter 1850 Challenging the Number One of All Races (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

After mentally preparing the panda, Shi Yu decisively summoned the entire team’s pets to assist it.

Buggy, Creation Domain, Baby Ginseng, Healing, Chi Tong, Possession Scapegoat, Susu, Purification, Ling, Luck Blessing!

Little Zi, World Force Blessing, Qi, Time Reversal, Turtle and Little Quas, Life Sharing of the Holy Black Tortoise Body, Shorty, White Tiger Divine Armor, and even Bu Lu could more or less assist in healing skills derived from skills such as Wood Control, Light Control, and Water Control.

Only Little Ji was thrown by Shi Yu to be a cheerleader. This guy wasn’t very useful. He didn’t even need it to fuse with him.

“Roar!!!” Little Ji looked at everyone eagerly. Although it was a good thing to be able to slack off, why did it feel isolated?

Its good brother, Duckie, had also gone to cultivate with other big shots. Little Ji immediately felt that there was no love. It poked its claws and was extremely pitiful.

Now, Little Ji was undoubtedly the most anxious in the team…

“There.” As Little Ji was anxious, Shi Yu’s big hand pressed on its head and said, “Don’t worry, I’ll definitely make you the earth overlord of the universe.”

“Roar!!!” Little Ji smiled.

After arriving at the starry sky of the universe, Little Ji had long had a new dream. On Blue Planet, its dream was to turn the sea of Blue Planet into the ground. From the looks of it, this dream had undoubtedly been shattered.

But now, it had a higher-level dream, which was to build a super continent in the starry sky, letting the universe not only have planets as footholds, but also other pure lands as holy lands for earth pets.

It wanted to be the earth overlord in the starry sky of the universe.

This dream wasn’t difficult. The rare thing was how to let others acknowledge the territory it had created. This required strength, at least at the peak of the super divine level.

However, Little Ji believed that as long as it followed Shi Yu and Ling, everything wasn’t a problem.

“Wu wu wu.” After comforting Little Ji, Shi Yu raised the expectant Eleven. Various buffs were added to Shi Yu and the others. Shi Yu took a deep breath.

Skill: Chaotic Thunder Body, Battle God Body

[Fusion success rate]: Extremely low

[Fusion Risk]: Extremely high

“Why don’t you increase your points step by step?” Shi Yu complained about why he had designed it like this in his previous life and directly charged forward.

“Wu!” “Yi!” “Mi!” “Ning!” As the other pets assisted, they were also observing the changes in Shi Yu and Eleven.

After all, they also had to undergo this level of skill fusion next.

Under the cheers of the entire team, the skill furnace directly activated!!

Countless skill EXP shattered and fused. The huge will impact made Eleven roar at the sky!!

At this moment, they were in Little Zi’s Star World and Buggy’s Creation Domain. Eleven’s painful roar made Little Zi’s entire body tremble.

“Roar!!!!!!”

Under a painful roar, a shocking black and white lightning erupted from Eleven’s body!!

In an instant, Shi Yu felt his body being drained. The life force of the turtles and the others who shared Shi Yu’s life was also instantly drained. Chi Tong, who had possessed Shi Yu, had suffered countless injuries for Shi Yu.

Crack. As cracks appeared on the White Tiger Divine Armor, Baby Ginseng widened its eyes and nourished even harder…

The entire team twisted into a rope and used all their strength.

However, an extremely low success rate was indeed the first. Even if so many pets worked hard together, even if Shi Yu’s physique could already be called number one below the cosmic level, he was still instantly on the verge of death.

The various functions gradually stopped operating. Some pets like Chi Tong were shocked and wanted to bear more for Shi Yu, but they were stopped by Shi Yu’s will.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng took a step forward and expressed that it would leave it to it. The hexagram in its green eyes circulated and had already fused the two Time Marks into Shi Yu’s body.

This way, Shi Yu would have two lives to add points to.

The Time Mark that had been trained to transcendent no longer needed to be completely dead to take effect. As long as it was on the verge of death, it could take the initiative to activate it and save its state to the peak.

From Eleven’s perspective, Eleven was also enduring the impact of the incomparably painful will. Although it had promised Shi Yu well, its mind went blank the moment it fused. It couldn’t think about anything, and only endless lightning wreaked havoc in its body.

At this moment, Eleven felt that its physique was being tempered by the lightning tribulation and underwent a magical transformation. If nothing went wrong, if it succeeded, it would still be a physique skill.

“Roar!!!”

In the outside world, Buggy and the others could already see Eleven’s body completely exploded by the lightning tribulation. They couldn’t help but be shocked. After all, Eleven’s physique was the strongest in the team. Its will had also been torn apart by the lightning and was undergoing an unbelievable rebirth.

Although they had agreed for half a minute, a full three minutes had passed.

Be it Shi Yu, the main force, or the pets that added points as support, they were already tragic.

Among them, Shi Yu was even forced to use the Time Mark once.

“It’s so f*cking difficult.” Shi Yu’s body was similar to Eleven’s. It had endured endless destruction. He felt that it was even more difficult than fighting for the source of transcendence, even more difficult than resisting the deterrence of a cosmic overlord.

However, although Shi Yu complained verbally, he was very surprised in his heart.

Although Eleven wasn’t awesome or exciting and didn’t listen to the agreement with him, the skill fusion was stable and good. During the process of tempering Eleven’s body, the lightning tribulation was also comparable to the process of perfectly fusing with its physique.