Chapter 1863 - Chapter 1863: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (2)

Chapter 1863: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Bet, bet!!”

At this moment, Dong Huang and the others had also gathered and came to Lin Xiuzhu’s Myriad Race Committee. They actually started a bet in private. Lin Feng said, “I’ll bet that in one to two hours, the winner will be decided. Eleven wins and bet two super divine resources!”

“Two to three hours, Eleven wins, two super divine resources,” the Space Emperor followed.

Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, Lu Qingyi, the gem cat, the owl, and the others were all here. If outsiders learned of the situation here, their faces would definitely be speechless.

This was because this batch of people were all betting on Shi Yu to win. The specific content of the bet was actually how long Eleven could win. Whoever guessed the closest would take all the bets of others.

“It’s rare for me to rest for a day… And it’s playing so big. I’ll bet 30 minutes.” The gem cat looked at the Prediction Owl and kept wishing that Eleven would end the battle at this time.

In the end, only the Prediction Owl didn’t bet. The witch chuckled and said, “Eleven wins in ten minutes. You guys bet with my Astrologer Race. Don’t care about your life.”

Everyone: “?”

“In ten minutes?” The panda senior said, “Teacher Tuna, are you serious? Did you divine this??”

“The secrets of heaven can’t be leaked,” the Prediction Owl snorted.

“Tsk.” The gem cat didn’t believe that its power at the peak of the super divine level couldn’t compare to a quack owl that had just entered the super divine level.

Soon, Emperor Wu’s voice sounded. He said with a serious expression, “It’s about to begin…”

Apart from him, his Iron-eating Beast also watched the battle with him, wanting to see how its battle power would perform without the enhancement of a Beast Tamer.

Time quickly arrived at the competition time. In order to not take up too much space, the lowest threshold to watch the battle was restricted to demigods. In an instant, from peak super divine experts like Lu Ming, the World Divine Dragon, and the Observer, to the core of the World King lineage like Bing Ling, to Zavay, Ming Gu, and Fanba of the Star Smelting Race, the Green Dragon, the son of the Demon Emperor, and the younger generation who had been involved with Eleven and Shi Yu, they surged into the battle room and looked at the venue from an omniscient perspective.

The venue… was the starry sky venue.

In the starry sky, a huge sun hung there.

A moment later, a humanoid figure walked out of the sun. It was a pure Elemental figure covered in white and red flames. It had the appearance of a human, but it was all made of fire. It was the core incarnation of the Sun God General. The most obvious thing about this core incarnation was the five Sun Eye in its eyes, which was mighty.

Buzz.

In the next moment, another figure spread out on a meteorite floating in the starry sky.

After the Panda King, Eleven, with black and white hair, appeared on the meteorite, the audience was instantly shocked. This was because the moment it descended, Eleven’s Warpath erupted. There were actually nine spinning Radiant Suns hanging behind it. Although there were only nine, the dazzling level wasn’t inferior to the ten Radiant Suns that appeared behind the Sun God General!!

“How is this possible? How long has it been? It actually reached Transcendent 9!”

Seeing Eleven’s level, the strongest human Beast Tamer in the Cosmic Sea, Lu Ming, who had given Shi Yu face not long ago and didn’t argue with the gem cat, was slightly stunned.

After all, it had only been less than five years since Shi Yu obtained the transcendent origin. If Shi Yu himself could reach this level, he would accept it considering the power of the transcendent origin, but if it was his pet…

“Is that transcendent origin so powerful?” Lu Ming was silent. After all, even if he was at super divine level 10, his strongest pet was only at super divine level 9. This was even the result of millions of years of hard work and no sleep time. This Shi Yu actually caught up in such a short period of time. He just didn’t know how Shi Yu’s other pets were compared to this Eleven’s specific battle power.

Logically speaking… the battle power of a level that was forcefully raised in such a short period of time definitely couldn’t match the level. Just like the previous Star Prayer Gem Cat, it had a realm, but its battle power could only be said to be the disgrace of a peak super divine.

“Transcendent 9? So fast? It should have mainly distributed that power that transcends the origin to itself and this Iron-eating Beast.” At the same time, in the cosmic overlord’s battleship, the cosmic overlord didn’t use the official spectator device of the World King Planet. It used some unknown method to make a dimensional screen directly appear in midair. Looking at this screen, his secretary, Katney, seemed to be immersed in it as if she was watching the battle on the spot and analyzing at the same time.

Katney’s strength was definitely not inferior to Lu Ming, but at this moment, these two peak super divine Beast Tamers couldn’t tell that Eleven was extraordinary. Only the cosmic overlord narrowed its eyes slightly and revealed a surprised expression.

“Interesting. He actually reached this realm?” he suddenly said, making Katney confused.

Because she knew that what could surprise the cosmic overlord was definitely not a ‘realm’ that exceeded transcendent 9, but something else.

What exactly was it… She looked at the Iron-eating Beast carefully again, wanting to see what was so special about Shi Yu’s pet and why the cosmic overlord cared so much.

“Transcendent 9…” At this moment, Eleven’s level undoubtedly made many people numb. After all, a few years ago, this guy was only an epoch god. Two years later, he was only at the quasi-divine level…

In less than ten years, it had gone from quasi divine to super divine Level 9. This growth speed was simply ridiculous. Its master was a monster, and the pet was also a monster.