Chapter 1867 - Chapter 1867: Tragic (1)

Chapter 1867: Tragic (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

After the battle ended, many people started to doubt life.

After all, not long ago, the Sun God General was still high and mighty. He was the judge of the transcendent duel between Shi Yu and the four super divines and casually controlled the life and death of both parties.

But now, it was actually shattered by one of Shi Yu’s pets in a few minutes?

“I didn’t see wrongly… That’s… a black hole, a white hole.”

Many big shots from the disaster research institute spoke and recalled what Eleven’s killer move was just now.

Their expressions were incredulous. Could an Iron-eating Beast master black holes and white holes at the same time?

Even the cosmic behemoth couldn’t do it!

How many secrets did the Iron-eating Beast have? At this moment, they really wanted to personally nurture an Iron-eating Beast to see, no matter how difficult it was to obtain it… But for the sake of academics, everything was worth it.

However, thinking ahead, even if it was a black hole or a white hole, it was impossible to ignore the attack of the Sun God General.

“This Iron-eating Beast’s attack has already touched the threshold of the cosmic level.”

In the eyes of the observer and the others, Eleven’s counterattack after using the Chaos Divine Body to strengthen the power of the Sun God could already be called a quasi-cosmic level.

It was precisely because of this that they couldn’t understand and weren’t willing to believe why creatures could improve so quickly.

Many experts locked onto the broken body floating in the void. Their voices were dry and hoarse. They could sense that the Sun God had really fainted from the beating. It was extremely miserable. This situation was too rare.

At the level of the Sun God General, it could revive even if it was killed. However, Eleven’s attack could make the other party unable to even die. It could directly faint with its will and lose its resistance. It was obvious what unbelievable level Eleven’s power control had reached.

“So brutal. I’m willing to believe now that Shi Yu is the future seventh throne of the universe.”

“Apart from the cosmic level, he’s definitely the strongest among super divines. Even if he’s not considered a Beast Tamer, this Iron-eating Beast alone can be considered the strongest, right?”

Someone else said, “…Although it’s very inappropriate, I want to say that that Iron-eating Beast didn’t

even enter the final battle in Shi Yu’s so-called ‘team internal competition’ back then…”

Everyone:

“Impossible, the situation is definitely different now. Now, God Eleven must be Shi Yu’s trump card!” A bunch of Iron-eating Beast fanatical fans, most of them from the bear race. Countless female bears argued for Eleven. What trash ginseng baby? It couldn’t be stronger than the Iron-eating Beast.

As Eleven was too outstanding, even some zebra horses and penguins were tempted by Eleven, mainly because the skin color was similar.

Just as everyone was immersed in this strange and unbelievable short moment, the entire World King Planet emitted a hazy white light that spread into the starry sky. Like a gentle touch, it quickly restored the broken Sun God General.

The Sun God General’s body quickly recovered, and its consciousness gradually became clear.

“Lord World King…” it muttered.

Seeing this scene, Lu Ming, the World Divine Dragon, the Observer, and the other experts were slightly stunned. They suddenly fell silent.

The World King woke up!!

It was no longer a secret for the experts of the Cosmic Sea that the World King was sleeping.

But at this moment, his godson was beaten up by a bear, and the second world he created was blown up by a bear. The World King seemed to have finally woken up.

“So this is the method to awaken it?”

“Wuu.” In the sky of the Dong Huang Realm, Eleven, who had cracked open from the second world, also floated in midair and sensed that someone was watching him.

“World King? Are you awake?” Shi Yu was stunned. He walked out of the void and stood beside Eleven.

At this moment, the World King indeed woke up for a short period of time. However, if the World King had a physical body, it would definitely have a headache at this moment.

What were they doing?

The World King originally thought that when it woke up, it would see the peak of the World King Planet preparing for battle, cautiously wary of the Contaminated Land and the Behemoth Empire.

Who would have thought that as soon as he woke up, he would see his general being beaten up in his territory and the entire starry sky paying attention?

Did this group of people have any sense of urgency?

Not far from the World King Planet, on Blue Planet, the planet’s will looked at the World King Planet.

“Looks like even cosmic-level stars can’t escape the scourge of these guys.”

The World Tree clone nodded.

Although Shi Yu couldn’t affect the World King Planet much when he was weak, as Shi Yu became stronger, the World King should have realized how troublesome this guy was.

“Lord World King??” At this moment, the commotion of the World King waking up was very big. Not to mention super divine levels, even some powerful divine levels could sense some abnormality.

They couldn’t help but tremble in excitement. They didn’t know if they could see Lord World King with their own eyes.

Was Lord World King attracted by this battle?

Not to mention impossible, even a cosmic overlord had come personally. What was impossible?

Unfortunately, no one saw any World King.

At this moment, after the World King woke up immediately, it didn’t have the time to care too much about Shi Yu and the Sun God General. Instead, it directly focused its thoughts on the overlord battleship outside the starry sky.

“You didn’t come here just to watch the battle, right?”

The screen created by the cosmic overlord, Cypos, to watch the second world suddenly disappeared, and a pair of blue and white starry eyes appeared.

Seeing these eyes, Katney’s expression turned cold, while Cypos smiled.

“That’s right. Next, I’m leaving the Cosmic Sea. Have you thought of how to deal with those two guys?

I won’t help you this time. You shouldn’t be able to take out the reward for hiring me.”