Chapter 1866 - Chapter 1866: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (5)

Chapter 1866: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, Eleven ignored the Sun God General’s attack and shocked the Sea of Stars. No one expected that this would be the situation after the battle.

“I don’t believe it!!” At this moment, no one suspected that the Sun God was fighting a fake competition, because at this moment, most of the stars in the entire Universe Sea flickered. Just like how it crossed countless star areas to kill the Four Saints super divines, it triggered the miracle of the Sea of Stars, making some lives on ordinary planets look up at the sky, not understanding what had happened.

However, no matter how hard the Sun God tried, it couldn’t cross the difference in class. Eleven, who had evolved the power of laws in the universe, had already risen steadily. Of course, due to the existence of the Chaotic Body, outsiders couldn’t see its state clearly at all. Its current physique had long exceeded the peak of the super divine level and could already be described as quasi-cosmic.

Perhaps its hard strength had already exceeded the level of Goddess Wa and temporarily reached the level of the Super Empress before fusing with Lily.

However, one cultivated spirit, and the other cultivated physique.

It was still a little difficult to defeat the Sun God General in front of him with just his physique… But Eleven didn’t just have the Chaotic Body.

After being strengthened by the enemy, Eleven took a deep breath in the Sun Sea and slowly stretched out its arms.

Yin Yang Reversal!!!

Its physical body was Yang, and the nomological energy was illusory. Eleven directly converted its powerful physique into the power of laws in the universe!!

“Sob. (It’s my turn to counterattack.)”

Although he was very sorry to use the Sun God as a stepping stone, for the glory of the Iron-eating Beast race, in a fair competition… Eleven still charged!!

Boom!!

Under everyone’s stunned expressions, a real small black hole appeared in one of Eleven’s palms in the strongest star. A real small white hole appeared in the other palm. The terrifying fluctuations of both parties directly made the heart of the Sun God General tremble, and also made the hearts of all the spectators tremble.

Because after the transformation of Yin and Yang, the Star Refining Arms, the weapon that controlled multiple strengthening black holes and white hole Arms, could already be said to be a cosmic treasure-level astral divine weapon. The kind that was enough to reach 1% of the power of the cosmic level. It was extremely terrifying.

“What a joke…” At this moment, the Sun God was completely stunned. He suddenly understood what the worry that vaguely appeared in his heart a month ago was. That wasn’t the attack of the Contaminated Land, but this ranking battle of all races!!

The Sun God General never expected that he was actually not heavily injured on the battlefield, but… in a baffling “child competition” that he had agreed to…

Bang!

Eleven patted the black and white holes in its palms. The process of them approaching each other was like the creation of the universe and the destruction of the universe. Space and time seemed to have undergone a restart, and everything seemed to have returned to nothingness and chaos.

Under the dazzling light, the second world directly collapsed. Outside the World King Planet, a broken sun figure floated in the endless starry sky like a flame flickering in the Gust…

“Aba, Aba, Aba, Aba, Aba…” At this moment, everyone was stunned.

A group of sneaky people, who were watching this battle with the help of their cosmic emperors in the Contaminated Land and the Behemoth Empire, were also stunned.

Damn, what was going on? Was this that extremely domineering Sun God General??

And that black and white bear… was it really just a human pet that had never been enhanced by a Beast Tamer??

Shi Yu’s ferocious reputation was already terrifying, but that was established when he enhanced his pet and everyone fought together.

At this moment, looking at Shi Yu’s single pet that had shattered the Sun God General, who was considered a big boss at the top of the super divine level alone, many foreign super divines’ bodies trembled a little.

Why did it feel that this pet was even more ridiculous than its master? It was already so strong alone. If there was still the enhancement of a Beast Tamer, how heaven-defying would it be?

“This is… the strength of a reserve throne in the seventh universe?”

At that moment, the Dark King and the Beastmaster were as shocked by Eleven’s strength as the cosmic overlord. The Dark King hadn’t seen this kid improve so quickly in a few years and felt that it was ridiculous. According to what it knew, even the growth speed of the cosmic overlord back then wasn’t as fast as this Shi Yu. No, it wasn’t even half as fast as its pet.

Sensing the shaken hearts of his subordinates, the Dark King was silent. It was supposed to be a plot where both parties were injured and the enemy was investigated to increase morale. Why didn’t it follow the script now!

“F*ck.” At the same time, she knew that Eleven was very fierce, but she didn’t know that such a fierce gem cat like Eleven would silently walk to the rooftop after losing two super divine resources… It was better for her to continue working. She would bet that the dog would die a horrible death.