Chapter 1861 - Chapter 1861: The Prediction Dream Of A Cosmic Overlord (4)

Chapter 1861: The Prediction Dream of a Cosmic Overlord (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Welcome, Lord cosmic overlord.” Although he had never seen a cosmic overlord and didn’t know why he was here, at this moment, even if the Sun God General was the strongest of the star race, he couldn’t help but bend down and greet him respectfully.

“I’m the secretary of the cosmic overlord. The cosmic overlord has come to the Cosmic Sea to watch the battle between the human Beast Tamer Shi Yu and the Sun God General of the Star Race. There’s no need for special reception. Unrelated people can leave,” the secretary of the cosmic overlord said. The Sea of Stars trembled, and even the Sun God General revealed a stunned expression.

“What…” Its heart broke. It couldn’t understand why the cosmic overlord would pay attention to it. No, it was definitely not worth the attention of the cosmic overlord. In that case, in other words, the cosmic overlord was paying attention to its opponent, Eleven of the Iron-eating Beast Race?

It didn’t understand. Even the cosmic overlords didn’t care about such a grand matter like the previous source of transcendence battle. Cosmic-levels didn’t care either. However, why did they come personally for a small Race Ranking Battle now?

After all, even it didn’t pay attention to this battle. It was completely focused on the movements of the Contaminated Land.

The words of the cosmic overlord’s secretary shocked everyone.

However, the Sun God General didn’t dare to ask further. After confirming the other party’s goal in coming, he left on his own with thousands of thoughts.

As for the secretary of the cosmic overlord, she also returned to the battleship. However, apart from her, another figure descended into the battleship.

When the secretary of the cosmic overlord returned, Goddess Wa was already standing under the throne of the cosmic overlord, looking straight at the supreme existence above.

“Lord Cypos, are you here because of Shi Yu? Or because…”

“Oh, it’s you. Long time no see…” A lazy voice came from the throne.

“It’s you.” The secretary of the cosmic overlord entered. After discovering Goddess Wa, he clearly knew her.

“I didn’t expect you to still be alive, Katney.” Goddess Wa was the most surprised by her existence. She knew this person. She was also one of the human experts cultivated by a cosmic overlord hundreds of millions of years ago. Unfortunately, not to mention a cosmic maintainer, she couldn’t even successfully reach the cosmic level.

Goddess Wa originally thought that the other party was already dead, but she didn’t expect him to still be alive.

“You’re not dead, so I naturally won’t die,” the cosmic overlord’s secretary, Katney, said.

At this moment, she also looked at Sepos. In fact, she was also very confused that Cypos was going to the Cosmic Sea personally.

“I’m indeed here for Shi Yu.” The cosmic overlord looked at Goddess Wa.

“It’s to revive that plan?” Goddess Wa said. If that was the case, Shi Yu undoubtedly had the greatest backer in the entire universe. However, she kept feeling that the arrival of a cosmic overlord might not be a good thing.

“No.” As expected, the cosmic overlord said, “I’ve long given up on that plan. Moreover, in essence, this Shi Yu isn’t a human Beast Tamer I cultivated. I’m not interested in competing with others for the so-called ‘genius’.”

“Besides, it’s with that guy.”

The cosmic overlord said, “Even if he carries that special transcendent origin and has two eras of cultivation system, I don’t think highly of him becoming the guardian of the universe.”

“But interestingly…”

“Not long ago, I had a premonition dream that I couldn’t control.”

The secretary of the cosmic overlord and Goddess Wa looked at Cypos solemnly. At the level of a cosmic overlord, what would the premonition dream he had be?

On the throne, Cypos laughed and said, “I actually dreamed that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast and I started a protracted battle. Do you believe it??”

“What??” The secretary of the cosmic overlord said in disbelief, “With the other party’s… pet??”

“That’s right.”

“Although the dream memories are already chaotic, I didn’t remember wrongly what I should remember. I indeed started a huge battle with that Iron-eating Beast. Moreover, it fought against me without any help from the Beast Tamer.”

“Interesting. Do you think this dream will come true in the future?”

“Impossible, definitely impossible.” The secretary of the cosmic overlord seemed to have endless worship for Cypos. “Lord Cypos, how can there be a life form fighting you… Moreover, it’s fighting alone…”

If that was the case, didn’t that mean that Shi Yu’s pet alone might have the battle power of a cosmic overlord? How was this possible?

“In my opinion, the highest that Iron-eating Beast can reach in the future is to reach the Sun God General or…” She looked at Goddess Wa. Reaching this height of the peak of super divine was the limit.

“Perhaps,” the cosmic overlord said. It recalled Eleven’s eyes that were filled with Warpath when it challenged the Glory Challenge and resisted its deterrence. “However, if the Super Empress also wants to nurture a cosmic holder, then Shi Yu and I will eventually fight.”

After becoming the guardian of the universe, it would become the master of the universe. As a creature in the universe, how could the cosmic overlord allow its survival environment to have another master? It would be fine if this person was cultivated by it, but the key was that Shi Yu wasn’t its direct descendant.

However, it didn’t reject Shi Yu and the others working hard for this. It had failed to nurture the cosmic maintainer. It wanted to see if that Super Empress could successfully nurture it.

Regardless of whether the cultivation was successful or not, before Shi Yu contracted the universe, Shi Yu had to pass its level first. If he couldn’t even defeat it, let alone contract the universe, at that time, it would directly kill Shi Yu first. The bored Cypos had long changed its interest from nurturing humans to slowly cultivating and waiting for the universe to restart before finally fighting the cosmic will.

However, before this, it really hoped that Shi Yu and the others would quickly grow up and stand in front of it to satisfy itself first. However, the premise was… that Shi Yu had to pass the stage of the Dark King and the Beastmaster first. This time, after descending, it would also make its stand clear and not interfere in any cosmic disputes. It planned to be an audience and see the experts of the last era compete with the experts of this era.

“So, Lord Cypos, you want to become an ‘examiner’ for Shi Yu and the others to become the holder of the universe?” Goddess Wa asked.

“‘Examiner’? You can say that,” the cosmic overlord said.