Chapter 1868 - Chapter 1868: Tragic (2)

Chapter 1868: Tragic (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The World King was silent. Indeed, the cosmic overlord, Cypos, had never had any position to speak of.

As the orphan of a “cosmic race”, it had been a cosmic mercenary since it was young. Although it had the strongest Achievement in battle, it basically worked for money. As long as its salary was right, the cosmic emperor would also be crippled.

A long time ago, the Super Empress set her base camp in the Cosmic Sea. Therefore, the plan of the Super Empress to transmigrate space and time was the greatest threat to the Cosmic Sea. Regardless of whether she succeeded or not, the first to bear the brunt would definitely be the Cosmic Sea. Therefore, the World King was the one who wanted to stop the Super Empress the most among the many cosmic levels.

However, it was too difficult to stop the Empress with its own strength. Therefore, it could only spend a lot of money to hire a cosmic overlord. Fortunately, the cosmic overlord was also unhappy with the Super Empress and gave the World King a discount. Only then could the World King take out enough fees.

And now… the World King, who had already given its most precious cosmic treasure to the cosmic overlord, could no longer take out any resources to hire the cosmic overlord.

The World King naturally could sense the covetous gazes of the Dark King and the Beastmaster, so the next battle might be borne by the Cosmic Sea itself.

“Although I won’t take action, you can hire the others in the cosmic overlord army as you wish. Similarly, you can also hire the Contaminated Land and the Behemoth Empire,” the cosmic overlord said, still neutral.

“You spent most of your effort to send that kid back. You should have been conscious of this day.”

The World King said, “Of course, but I also predicted that the Cosmic Sea wouldn’t lose this battle. The one who would suffer a huge blow would be the other party.”

“In that case, I’ll wait to watch a good show.” The cosmic overlord laughed crazily.

As the mother of the Astrologer Race and the Star Prayer Race, the astrological ability of the World King could be said to be stronger than the Star Prayer Race and the Astrologer Race combined.

Before deciding to send Shi Yu back to the past and solve the current most troublesome problem, the Empress, the World King had already predicted what the Cosmic Sea would face after its vitality was greatly injured.

It had already considered its state.

Of course, the World King also admitted that it didn’t expect that the Dark King controlling the cosmic virus would make its originally weak state even weaker.

This kind of cosmic-level item from the previous era wasn’t within the range of astrology.

However, even so, the World King was still a little confident, because at this moment, the Super Empress’s cosmic battle power should be able to be seen as an “ally” for the time being.

“Let’s go.” The cosmic overlord waved its hand and dispersed the screen. Beside it, its exclusive secretary nodded with mixed feelings.

She didn’t care about cosmic-level disputes. As the secretary of a cosmic overlord, this kind of thing couldn’t interfere with her. However, she couldn’t ignore the cosmic overlord’s premonition dream and Eleven’s battle results just now. That Iron-eating Beast… She actually didn’t have the confidence to defeat it alone.

At this moment, many experts discovered the battleship of the cosmic overlord and slowly left the Cosmic Sea.

“Is the cosmic overlord really only here to watch the competition?” After learning that the cosmic overlord had really come to the World King Planet and was here to watch the battle, Zi Jian, the Demolishing Divine Bull, and the others were shocked for a long time. However, now that the cosmic overlord had left, they had a bad feeling.

“Star Army, Contract Army, Myriad Race Army, Environmental Protection Army.”

At this moment, the voice of the World King appeared in the ears of the Sun God General, Lu Ming, the World Divine Dragon, the Human Bing Ling, and the Elemental Bing Ling, making their hearts skip a beat.

“From today onwards, the World King Planet will enter a special battle state. The Cosmic Sea will seal and condense a protective barrier to prepare for the war with the Contaminated Land and the Behemoth Empire.”

The Sun God General had just woken up in a daze when its eyes suddenly widened.

Special battle state!

Sealing the Cosmic Sea!

A special battle state had only appeared a few times in all these years on World King Planet. The last time was still a battle with the Super Empress. This meant that a cosmic-level battle was about to happen.

As for sealing the Cosmic Sea, this command also explained a lot.

When this order was given, the World King would even take action personally and cooperate with the barrier-type cosmic treasure to isolate the Cosmic Sea from the Contaminated Land, the Behemoth Empire, the Worm Mother Nest, and the overlord territory.

At that time, the creatures of the Cosmic Sea wouldn’t be able to go out, and the lives elsewhere wouldn’t be able to enter.

If he wanted to break it, he had to break the barrier personally created by the World King. He had to do it personally at the universe level!

Generally speaking, launching the blockade command was because the World King felt that with its current strength, it wasn’t enough to fight the enemy. It needed a certain amount of time to prepare for battle.

At this time, even the teleportation between the various star areas, major planets, and World King Planet would be strictly controlled.

He had to check the identities of every teleportation user and settle the spies currently hidden in the Cosmic Sea.

“I’ll carry it out.” The awakened Sun God General disappeared directly after hearing the command. He didn’t want to face the World King and his acquaintances, mainly because he was worried that they would ask what was going on with the battle with Eleven.

The outcome of this battle was too miserable. The Sun God could imagine that he would be in the shadow of this battle for a long time.

At this moment, as the battle ended, the ranking of the Iron-eating Beast Race directly rose to 11th place among the various races in the starry sky, making Eleven, Senior Panda, and the others so excited that they exploded.

This ranking had even exceeded the 19th place of the Cosmic Crow Race!

It was completely averaged by Eleven!

This might be the fastest increase in ranking battle in history.