Chapter 1865 - Chapter 1865: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (4)

Chapter 1865: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“What a joke.” At this moment, the Space Emperor and the others were stunned. However, when the attacks completely descended continuously and completely swallowed Eleven, they were stunned.

Under the light and heat that filled the entire starry sky arena, under the endless terrifying violent explosion, when the afterglow of the setting sun dissipated, the attack of the Sun God General was like a scratch. Eleven actually stood on the meteorite unscathed, instantly making all the spectators shut up.

Chaotic ripples lingered around its body, making it look like a god of the universe. It wasn’t afraid of any attack.

If it weren’t for the fact that they could almost feel the horror of the attack immersed in the battle, many super divine lives would have suspected that the Sun God was fighting a fake competition.

“This is…” At that moment, the one who felt the most ridiculous was still the Sun God General. Seeing that its attack actually didn’t even burn a single bear hair of the other party, it couldn’t help but be shocked. After living for so long, even when Shi Yu killed a peak super divine above his level, it wasn’t this shocked.

“Sob. (Senior, use your unique skill. Stop testing.)” Eleven sensed the strengthening of its physique and continued.

Chaos Divine Body!

It was immune to all law attacks and converted its absorption into its own physique!

Eleven finally knew how to use tactics. It planned to let the other party consume itself first. At the same time, it would strengthen itself before attacking.

If they fought directly, it might not necessarily be able to quickly finish the Sun God General.

At this moment, seeing that this ridiculous Iron-eating Beast actually ignored the attack of the Sun God General, many experts, such as the Bing Ling God, began to be stunned, wondering if they were dreaming…

“The Sun God must have shown mercy…” Some old antiques couldn’t believe it and planned to see the second attack of the Sun God General. At this moment, the Sun God General was solemn to the extreme, not daring to underestimate this panda at all.

The Chaos Divine Body was mysterious and unfathomable. Apart from the cosmic level, opponents of the same level couldn’t see the mystery of this move at all.

Such poor information was enough to overload the Sun God’s brain, but even if it knew Eleven’s physique, it was most likely helpless. This was because planetary life forms were the race that relied on the laws of the universe the most. It could be said that Eleven was even better at resisting stars than the cosmic behemoth now.

“I admit that you’re powerful.”

“But…”

The Sun God General still planned to continue attacking, but this time, it no longer used the scattered and casually condensed attack just now. Instead, it took a deep breath. At this moment, all the power of the primitive star in the star arena seemed to have been extinguished and absorbed into its body.

Not only that, but near the World King Planet, countless stars that didn’t nurture life consciousness also suddenly lit up at this moment, revealing a vast light. It completely illuminated every area of the World King Planet, making people reveal shocked expressions. They knew that the Sun God was starting to fight for real.

At this moment, the Sun God directly evolved towards its main body and directly turned into a sun, turning into a gradually expanding super huge fireball that devoured Eleven!!

The sun had always been a symbol of warmth, but when it came into contact with them at a close distance and was really devoured by the star, they would become the most terrifying existence. At this moment, the Sun God devouring its main body also meant that it completely regarded Eleven as a troublesome target.

Wrapping Eleven in its body was also its strongest attack method.

However, to everyone’s surprise, even if the Sun God displayed absolute attack faith this time, Eleven still didn’t move and let this terrifying guy devour it.

Just like that… a second… a second passed…

The Sun God General had already completely swallowed Eleven and was swallowed by the strongest star. How could the fire cosmic behemoth feel any joy? The death law fluctuations and the nirvanic law fluctuations couldn’t be resisted by the devouring fire alone.

However… at this point in the battle, the most incomprehensible scene still appeared. Even so, although the meteorite under Eleven’s feet finally turned to ashes, Eleven, this tiny Iron-eating Beast, seemed to be swimming in the Sun Sea. There were no traces of its defense breaking through at all.

It was unscathed after being swallowed by such a terrifying sun!

Eleven didn’t break through its defense at all, but the Sun God General did.

“Impossible.” After wrapping Eleven in its body and sensing that Eleven didn’t react at all to its violent law attack, its mentality, which had been tempered for billions of years, almost collapsed. Even if it attacked the World King Planet, it was impossible for the World King Planet to be unscathed.

What exactly was going on?

In the cosmic overlord battleship, the secretary of the cosmic overlord was also extremely incredulous. Only the cosmic overlord was rarely interested. “I’ve heard that in the ancient era, in order to escape the restraints of the universe and trace the origin of the universe, an expert opened up the Great Dao of Chaos and wanted to transcend all the laws of the universe. I didn’t expect that someone could really cultivate it successfully. No, although it’s not perfect, it has already taken shape.”

“Chaos? How can such a skill exist…” Katney said.

“Of course it can’t exist. It’s impossible for any life form to cultivate chaos and transcend the laws of the universe, so they’re only prototypes, but they’re only prototypes. It’s enough to defeat that Sun God General.”

“Shi Yu inherited all the essence of the top-notch cultivation system of the last era. It should be the strongest fire seed chosen in the last era.” The cosmic overlord looked forward to the battle with Eleven after it grew up more and more.