Chapter 1864 - Chapter 1864: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (3)

Chapter 1864: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

No wonder Shi Yu dared to let Eleven challenge the Sun God General. Although the difference between super divine 9 and the peak of super divine was said to be very big, in terms of numbers, the difference was already very small. Apart from those who had really reached the super divine level, many divine-levels suddenly felt that they could completely fight with such a small difference.

“It’s not that simple. Every time a super divine transcends, the difference is huge. The difference between the low-level, mid-level, and high-level super divines is even greater. To talk about which realm the difference is the greatest, it’s still between transcendent 9 and 10!” But soon, an old expert expressed his opinion.

Of course, soon, a young man retorted, “These guys are still at the epoch god level and killed a peak super divine. There have been eleven heavenly miracles since ancient times. Can you not use ‘common knowledge’ and ‘old EXP’ to analyze it?”

“Unreasonable!! That’s under the circumstances where quantitative changes cause qualitative changes and there’s the enhancement of a Beast Tamer. It’s a one-on-one battle now!!” Although Shi Yu’s battle results were extremely glorious, there were still some old antiques who had a deeper understanding of the power of the Sun God General. They couldn’t believe that a rising star could hunt a majestic sun lion as a cub.

“The divine general will definitely win.” More than ten super divine stellar life forms also paid attention to this battle.

As many spectators were discussing, the Sun God General and Eleven were still colliding with the super divine aura. At this moment, the one who was the most shocked by Eleven’s state was none other than the Sun God General’s main body.

“He actually…”

This star shadow’s aura was fully released. The scorching deterrence had already melted many meteorites, leaving only a sun in the entire starry sky arena.

The light of the sun seemed to illuminate the entire universe. The huge aura made many divine-level and demigods feel a terrifying heat just by watching the battle through machines. It was difficult to continue watching the battle. Those with weak willpower even retreated directly with sweat all over their faces.

However, in this situation, only the meteorite under Eleven’s feet was still intact. Its body seemed to be wrapped in a layer of extremely heat resistant metal, or its overall nature had been changed. Eleven stood on it calmly and similarly erupted with an aura. The lightning-like aura collided with the fiery aura. The two parties were actually evenly matched.

“Roar!!!” Eleven roared in the galaxy. It wasn’t afraid of the Sun God General at all. Instead, its gaze passed the Sun God General and saw another pair of eyes outside this fake sky.

A cosmic overlord… was watching the battle?

“Huh? No matter what, since I’ve agreed to this battle, I’ll do my best.”

“Do your best too.”

Although Eleven had displayed extremely strong strength and wasn’t at a disadvantage in terms of aura, making the Sun God General look at it in a different light, it still didn’t think that it would lose.

“Wuu.” Eleven shook its head.

“Sob. (Senior, it’s better if you attack first. Otherwise, I’m afraid you won’t have a chance to attack.)”

Eleven said politely.

But he didn’t have much manners.

Everyone: “?”

As Eleven finished speaking, ridiculous national essences from various places sounded.

“Huh?” The light on many stellar life forms flickered violently a few times, as if they were saying, “Is this little bear crazy?”

“Holy shit.” Even Lin Feng couldn’t help but say, “As expected, pets like Beast Tamers. They’re too arrogant, too arrogant.”

However, everyone also knew that without this faith, Shi Yu and the others might not necessarily challenge randomly.

“Hahahahahaha.” At this moment, in everyone’s hearts, the calm Sun God General couldn’t help but laugh. It felt that it was ridiculous. After living for hundreds of millions of years, this was the first time it had encountered such a situation.

“In that case, let me see how strong you are if you want to obtain the title of the number one race in the universe.”

The expression of the Sun God General froze. It raised one hand high. In the next moment, the ten sources of transcendence hanging behind it divided into a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand, and 100,000 suns that were filled with a terrifying destructive aura.

This move was terrifying because every sun contained many laws such as Indestructibility, Fire, Destruction, and Destruction. There were several top-notch laws, and all of them perfectly fused into a sun fireball.

It could be said that each of these 100,000 small suns could easily destroy several galaxies. In the God Sealing Battle, those demigods could become absolute dark horses if they took out a prototype of a top-notch law. And now, the Sun God had perfectly fused several top-notch laws into a destructive killer move. Even many super divine beings didn’t even dare to imagine it. How many years of bitter cultivation would it take to accumulate this power?

“Damn.” The gem cat looked at the battle and felt that its super peak was several levels inferior to the other party. Fortunately, her functionality was strong!!

“Eleven, beat it up!”

Eleven’s provocation undoubtedly succeeded. They didn’t know if this move was the killer move of the Sun God General, but it definitely shocked countless people. Millions of small suns descended, like the end of the universe. Many people felt that the havoc of the universe was nothing more than this…

Even Goddess Wa, Karnet, and the others took this move seriously and felt that it had to take some effort to defend. However, in the next moment, what made Lu Ming, the Observer, and the others suddenly silent was that in the face of a million stars falling, Eleven was actually still standing on the meteorite and looking at the other party’s attack calmly… No… No action!!