Chapter 1860 - Chapter 1860: The Prediction Dream Of A Cosmic Overlord (3)

Chapter 1860: The Prediction Dream of a Cosmic Overlord (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Well… No…” Seeing the familiar appearance, the seafarer of the Zijian Special Forces felt that he was dreaming.

At this moment, the others also sensed that the attraction of the black hole was shrinking. Before they could react, the battleship swayed with a boom. The surroundings seemed to have changed, and the black hole domain completely disappeared. The surroundings returned to the appearance of the starry sky of the universe, an empty chaos. In its place was a black and white panda floating in the starry sky, looking at the two black and white light balls in its hand curiously.

Zi Jian and the others also discovered this panda at this moment. She looked at the black light ball in the Iron-eating Beast’s hand and opened her mouth wide. Although this light ball was only the size of a bottle cap, she instantly sensed the quality comparable to tens of billions of ordinary stars on it. She felt that this small light ball was enough to destroy everything and instantly kill hundreds of super divines.

“That’s… the black hole just now??”

“But, how is that possible?” Captain Zi Jian looked at Eleven in confusion after surviving a calamity.

“Isn’t that guy… Shi Yu’s pet, Eleven?” Examiner Jermon was lying on the protective wall and exclaimed, “That guy is holding the black hole just now??”

Just as it was exclaiming, a familiar figure suddenly appeared in the battleship and said, “What a coincidence! Why are you guys here? I was wondering which unlucky person barged in…”

Captain Zi Jian and Jermon suddenly turned around. A group of ship members looked at Shi Yu, who had appeared, and their mouths opened slightly. It was indeed this pair…

“What exactly is going on!!” Zi Jian immediately went limp.

Shi Yu looked at Zi Jian and also sensed the Cosmic Sea navigator who had already fainted. He coughed slightly and said, “It’s my fault, it’s my fault. I was helping Eleven refine the black hole, so the spatial border here is a little chaotic. It might have made your detector malfunction…”

Refine… refine the black hole?

It wasn’t that they couldn’t accept it. As long as Shi Yu said that his cosmic Behemoth was refining the black hole, everyone could accept it. However, the Iron-eating Beast was completely unrelated to the black hole no matter how they looked at it. It could also be refined? Was this scientific?

“Refining the black hole… What do you want…” The corners of Jermon’s mouth twitched. “Don’t tell me you’re preparing for battle in advance to fight the Sun God General…”

“Eh, you know too?” At this moment, in the outside world, Eleven had already eaten the refined black hole and white hole like it was eating candy. It eagerly tore open space and time and came to Shi Yu’s side.

“Wu wu wu.” After climbing onto Shi Yu’s shoulder, Eleven greeted Jermon and the others.

“Now… I suddenly wonder if the Sun God General can win,” Jermon said.

“Me too…” Zi Jian said.

Shi Yu looked at their stunned expressions and chuckled. However, at this moment, a voice sounded in Shi Yu’s heart.

It was the Super Empress.

[Shi Yu, that cosmic overlord has also come to World King Planet.]

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu looked at Captain Zi Jian and the others in shock and said, “You guys aren’t the only ones this time. Even the cosmic overlord is here??”

“What?” In the face of Shi Yu’s shock, Zi Jian and the others were also very stunned. They didn’t know what he meant.

World King Planet.

In order to pay attention to this special battle, many factions in the Cosmic Sea gathered.

However, as a special super battleship appeared outside the World King Planet, all the experts who saw this battleship fell silent.

Countless super divine experts looked at this black battleship with the symbol of the demon ox’s head in shock and gulped.

Some juniors were still puzzled, not understanding why everyone’s reaction to the battleship of this cosmic overlord army was so violent, but soon, an elder covered their mouths and slapped them.

“Look carefully, that symbol, the color of that battleship, the appearance of that battleship. This is… This is the exclusive battleship of a cosmic overlord. Impossible, impossible. Why would a cosmic overlord personally descend on the World King Planet?”

Seeing this battleship, not to mention the natives of the World King Star, even the members of the cosmic overlord army stationed in the Cosmic Sea, such as the super divine of the 177th Army, were shocked and afraid. They didn’t know why the cosmic overlord would personally come to the Cosmic Sea.

At this moment, the Sun God General, the World Divine Dragon, the Observer, Lu Ming, Goddess Wa, Blue Planet, Emperor Shi, and the other experts looked in the direction of the battleship solemnly.

Generally speaking… cosmic-levels wouldn’t casually enter other cosmic-level territories…

At this moment, as one of the guardians of the World King Planet, the figure of the Sun God General was the first to appear outside this battleship and stare at it.

A moment later, a human Beast Tamer with gray pupils, long gray hair that reached his waist, a red tattoo on his face, and a half-faced antelope skull came out of the battleship.

Her appearance shocked the Cosmic Sea, because any expert with some strength could sense that this guy’s strength was definitely at the peak of the super divine level.

Apart from the four generals, there were actually other peak super divine beings in the cosmic overlord army, and they seemed to be a human!

After all, King Lie and the others wanted to nurture Shi Yu because the cosmic overlord army had not had a human super divine for a long time. The human race was gradually declining. If King Lie and the others knew that there was actually a human peak super divine Beast Tamer with unknown origins beside the cosmic overlord, they would definitely be very shocked.