Chapter 1869 - Chapter 1869: Tragic (3)

Chapter 1869: Tragic (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

If the Iron-eating Beast Race gave birth to another super divine, it would definitely not be a problem for the Iron-eating Beast Race to enter the top 10 of the cosmic races.

However, before the people on World King Planet could be silent for too long, an official announcement from World King Planet immediately detonated the Cosmic Sea.

Special battle state!

Sealing the Cosmic Sea!

“What’s going on? Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit.” Ever since the World King occupied the Cosmic Sea and became the guardian of countless planets in the Cosmic Sea, it had been many years since it had entered a battle state.

Some young people looked at the announcement and were directly stunned.

After all, the last time the Environmental Protection Army and the Contaminated Land fought a battle of nearly 20 super divine levels, the Cosmic Sea didn’t enter a battle state either. It didn’t even enter a level-three battle state.

But now, it directly jumped from level three to special level. Who could withstand this?

Not to mention some epoch gods and perfect gods, even some super divine-level old antiques had never experienced it.

“I knew it wasn’t that simple for a cosmic overlord to personally come to the Cosmic Sea. Something big is definitely going to happen,” some people said with pale faces.

Once a battle in a special battle state happened, it was no longer something one could dodge just because they wanted to.

A casual confrontation between experts might cause the destruction of a star field, causing countless lives to die.

In this situation, no one immediately discussed the ranking battle of the myriad races that was still being discussed just now. Everyone on World King Planet was in a panic, and life forms above the quasi-divine level basically quickly knew about this.

As for the weaker existences, apart from those with special identities and backgrounds, the announcement was hidden locally to avoid causing chaos.

Fortunately, the Blue Planet was already prepared for this day. They weren’t too shocked.

Be it battle resources or food, the Blue Planet had long completed their reserves a while ago.

Apart from the super divines of the five divine races on Blue Planet who were shocked, the others were still cultivating normally.

“World King created a barrier. Looks like we have more time again.”

The Super Empress appeared in front of Shi Yu and said, “No matter how weak the World King is at this moment, no matter how weak she is, it will take years for the Dark King and the Beastmaster to break the sealing barrier she created with all their might.”

“This time might be said to be an emergency battle preparation, but in fact, after the World King paid attention to the battle between it and the Sun God General, it decided to buy you time at the last minute.”

“It’s impossible to have a chance of winning against the Beastmaster and the Dark King at the same time with the current power of the Cosmic Sea, but the variable is you. World King, you’re betting on whether I can nurture you to the cosmic level during this period of time.”

“Ling has already analyzed it. Empress, did you specially come over to say this?” Shi Yu and Eleven on his shoulder looked at the Super Empress and said.

The Super Empress: “?”

The Super Empress looked at Eleven and said, “It’s not bad. I underestimated you. You obtained more inheritances from the last era than I imagined. As expected of the strongest fire seed. But this way, the Dark King’s determination to kill you will be even greater.”

“I’m the father of the strongest fire seed. The strongest fire seed is my daughter,” Shi Yu said.

The Super Empress: “?”

“Sob, sob.” Eleven realized that Shi Yu didn’t seem to be very good at talking today. He was especially good at making people choke.

However, it seemed to be the truth?

“To be honest, isn’t this just casually correcting it because I treat the Empress as one of us?” Shi Yu felt aggrieved.

Shi Yu naturally didn’t hide the matter of the Goddess Wa’s Ruins from the Super Empress. This also made the Empress feel that choosing Shi Yu was indeed the best choice.

There were many transmigrators. For example, that nun was also a transmigrator, but in terms of talent potential, she was naturally inferior to Shi Yu.

This was because the Taiji Domain, the Green Dragon Domain, the skill index, and Beast Shi Yu were all part of Shi Yu’s talent potential.

But now, the Empress felt that perhaps the Shi Yu bloodline left behind in the Goddess Wa Ruins was the best choice. It could even be nurtured from a young age. Shi Yu was too infuriating and had developed too many bad habits.

“In that case, I won’t say anything else.”

The Super Empress was angered by Shi Yu and left. Before leaving, she told Shi Yu, “The bloodline crystal of the Worm Empress has been cleansed by me and that cat.”

“After you feel that the conditions are right, you can let that butterfly fuse.”

“Alright, alright. Thank you, Empress.” Shi Yu was excited. Good news.

As the two parties communicated, Buggy also let out a happy cry in the Beast Taming Space.

“Wu wu wu wu!!!” It was finally its turn.

First, Baby Ginseng created its own cultivation method, preached to the starry sky, broke through to transcendent 9, and became the Emperor.

Then, Eleven’s skill fusion was a huge success. It refined the cosmic disaster and broke through to transcendent 9, crushing the Sun God General above its level.

It, Buggy, felt even worse than being beaten up when it saw Eleven and Baby Ginseng posture.

Now, it was finally time for it to verify the conclusion of “strength after strengthening”.

After the Super Empress left, Shi Yu sensed Buggy’s excited heart and said, “Don’t worry, I’ve already experienced so many evolutions. What’s the hurry?”

“That’s a queen bloodline crystal. Next, make more preparations before fusing.”

“Wu!!” Buggy nodded.

“Wu wu.” Eleven stretched out its finger and shook it with a regretful expression. No, with its current strength, no matter how Buggy evolved, it couldn’t defeat it.

“Wu!!” Buggy snorted. Wasn’t it just the immunity law? At most, it wouldn’t cultivate the power of laws in the future. It would cultivate the power of the bloodline like the Worm Queen and the physical strength like the Beastmaster…