Chapter 1862 - Chapter 1862: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (1)

Chapter 1862: Pets Are Even More Ridiculous Than Master (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After hearing that the cosmic overlord had descended, Shi Yu first got Ling to add a layer of luck buff to Zi Jian’s special forces to prevent them from accidentally entering the cosmic disaster again. Then, he got Buggy to bring him back to the World King Planet through the magnetic path first.

On the World King Planet, in the Dong Huang Realm, Shi Yu used Senior Panda as a coordinate teleportation again, successfully scaring Senior Panda again.

Pa.

Lin Xiuzhu patted the table, her chest trembling in anger. “You’re using me as the teleportation coordinates again, right! Don’t you know it’s very scary?”

“This isn’t more convenient, and it was originally a range teleportation. Who knew that it would randomly teleport to your side every time… Cough, cough… I can ask you about the arrangements for the ranking battle of the myriad races… Moreover, I heard that the cosmic overlord is here?” Shi Yu looked at the ceiling and looked at the starry sky through the ceiling, changing the topic.

“Well…” At the mention of the cosmic overlord, Senior Panda was stunned. She nodded and said, “The super divine lives have almost noticed. That cosmic overlord seems to have come because of your battle with the Sun God General and wants to be a spectator.”

“Is that so…” At this moment, Shi Yu, who still didn’t know Cypo’s true goal, was also a little afraid. After all, he still didn’t know this cosmic overlord’s attitude towards him and the Empress joining forces to become the holder of the universe.

Just the relationship with Goddess Wa might not necessarily be strong. After all, Goddess Wa could only be equivalent to a worker.

Although it was said to be a spectator this time, what was there to see in a battle at the peak of the super divine level for a universe supreme master? He most likely had other goals.

As Shi Yu and Senior Panda were talking, a figure descended right on the heels of the heels into the office of the Myriad Races Committee. In the hazy phantom, Goddess Wa walked out.

“Are you back?” Goddess Wa said to Shi Yu, “I’ve already gone to ask about the cosmic overlord.”

“There’s no need to worry. It shouldn’t have any ill intentions this time. Don’t worry and prepare for your own competition… Although I don’t know why you want to carry out this competition.”

“Is that so??” Shi Yu scratched his head with a smile and said, “That’s good. In that case, I won’t visit the cosmic overlord.”

“The Sun God General isn’t weak. Even if it’s inferior to me, it’s still one of the strongest among the super divine levels. If you go with victory in your heart, tell your Iron-eating Beast to be careful.”

“I know, there’s no need to worry,” Shi Yu said.

After Goddess Wa left, Senior Panda walked over and patted Shi Yu’s pocket. “Huh?? Where’s Eleven? Is he around?”

“Ji.” In the pocket, Buggy popped its head out and curled its lips. Tsk, it only knew Eleven. Why didn’t it greet Buggy?

“Eleven just finished training. I retracted the Beast Taming Space and let it sleep and rest,” Shi Yu said.

Although it wasn’t difficult for Eleven to continuously refine the white hole and black hole, because Shi Yu and the others had chosen the more powerful white hole black hole, Eleven had consumed a lot of energy. There was only a little time left. He had to let Baby Ginseng support it with all its might to accelerate and rest.

“It’s good that you’re sufficiently prepared. All the best. The price of Blue Planet’s Iron-eating Beasts has even reached one Level 11 energy crystal each… Countless super divine factions can’t get it.”

“What?” Shi Yu was stunned. A super divine resource and an Iron-eating Beast?

So expensive?

However, for some super divine clans, a super divine resource was indeed nothing. In comparison, Iron-eating Beasts were relatively rare, exclusive to Blue Planet.

“If you win this time, it’ll probably increase!” The panda senior rubbed her palms and said, “Of course, I didn’t sell any of them. It’s mainly because you’re the only powerful Iron-eating Beast. I’m afraid that others won’t be able to nurture them well after buying them and torture them in the end.”

“The buyer show is different from the seller show. It’s easy to get bad reviews.”

Shi Yu said, “Well… It’s a problem. It’s better to let them grow on their own. Unless it’s someone like the Astrologer Race and the Environmental Protection Association who’s closer to Blue Planet… Otherwise, it’s best if the Iron-eating Beasts are exclusive to Blue Planet.”

The Demon God Iron-eating Beast ate the Yun Race to become stronger and evolve, so the Environmental Protection Association also took a fancy to the Iron-eating Beast. When they came to the World King Planet, the Iron-eating Beast’s employment range was wide.

Shi Yu chatted with Senior Panda right on the heels of that before returning to his residence to rest and wait for the ranking battle to begin.

This time, the ranking battle of all races was still carried out in the alternate space of the second world. For this battle, Eleven and the Sun God stopped all the competitions in the second world for half a month.

At the same time, he prepared hundreds of super divine level cosmic crystals as backup energy. Just in case, it was to accumulate energy for this battle and prevent the two of them from destroying the second world and the surrounding star areas.

The arrival of the cosmic overlord made people realize that this battle wasn’t simple. They looked forward to the process of Eleven vs the Sun God even more.

In the past two days, Shi Yu had indeed been recuperating and didn’t do much. Although he was fighting Eleven and was just a spectator, if he consumed too much energy in the past two days, Eleven in the Beast Taming Space wouldn’t be able to rest well.

It was equivalent to someone sleeping and his house being renovated…

Just like that… calm time passed. In the blink of an eye, it was the day of the battle.

Be it super divine, divine, or even demigods, as long as they knew about this battle, they were paying attention. Those with money used special devices to watch the battle, while those without money squeezed to the venue of the Myriad Race Ranking Battle to watch the low-level live broadcast. There was nothing… They could only wait for the results at home silently.