Chapter 1872 - Chapter 1872: Buggy Evolution, Worm Of The Devouring Universe (2)

Chapter 1872: Buggy Evolution, Worm of the Devouring Universe (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

In just a short instant, Buggy’s lifeblood seemed to have been devoured by the other party. However, at this moment, another Green Dragon phantom returned to the ground, making Buggy energetic and ready to attack, interweaving with the worm phantom.

The two terrifying cosmic bloodline phantoms collided, bringing with them dazzling light, also causing Little Zi to be heavily injured again. It widened its watery eyes. As the pet in the team that specified the evolution location and breakthrough location, its body could definitely be said to be of good quality now.

In the outside world, on Blue Planet, even through a star barrier, Blue Planet’s Will, Emperor Shi, and the other experts left on Blue Planet could sense that the fluctuations from that icy plain seemed to be from a cosmic battle.

“What’s this kid doing again?” Emperor Shi stood at the top of the Ancient Capital and looked at the icy plain. He was very satisfied with Shi Yu’s progress. From the looks of it, it wouldn’t be long before Shi Yu could reach the cosmic level and completely let Dong Huang become a cosmic faction. He could also reincarnate in peace.

Although the cat had become a peak super divine and already had the initial ability to increase its source of transcendence, after thinking about it again and again, Emperor Shi still decided to walk the path of Beast Taming again. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust the gem cat, but purely because this way, he could see the problem more clearly.

The former was equivalent to knowing that the question was wrong and looking at the answer to change it. The latter was equivalent to doing the correct process and answer from the beginning again. The effect brought by it was completely different.

As for Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, and the others, they didn’t plan to go through so much trouble. They began to prepare many resources, planning to ask Teacher Cat to help make up for the flaw in their realm when she was free in the future.

In Little Zi’s body, the world of stars.

The light disappeared.

Buggy’s figure had already disappeared.

What was left was a strange cocoon.

The cocoon’s entire body was covered in a green-purple hard shell. There were four sharp horns on both sides, and three small horns on its forehead. Its green-purple body was also covered in white and green patterns. Be it the Green Silkworm, the Worm Queen, or the Green Dragon, there were characteristics. However, without eyes or mouth, Shi Yu and the others directly lost their connection with Buggy.

Shi Yu knew that the current Buggy had entered a sleeping state of pseudo evolution. In the depths of its bloodline consciousness, it was resisting the bloodline power of the Worm Queen.

As a Beast Tamer, he could see that in the Cosmic Sea, the Green Dragon with the Green Silkworm in one eye was fighting a purple-red worm monster.

The pain brought by the attack of the worm wasn’t inferior to the pain brought by the extremely low probability of skill fusion. Shi Yu took a deep breath. He knew that no one could help Buggy at this step.

He had already helped everything he could before fusing.

“Next, I wonder how long Buggy will sleep for,” Shi Yu said.

“After all, it’s a treasure-level thing in the Devouring Universe. It’s possible to last for a long time if we have to fuse it with the Green Dragon bloodline.”

“Everyone, go do your own things first. When there are any changes on Buggy’s side, I’ll immediately inform you.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the pets nodded.

Shi Yu looked at the newly formed cocoon of Buggy and took a deep breath. He decided to cultivate beside Buggy the whole time during this process and protect it.

Due to Buggy’s state, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t wander around casually. He started a new round of calm cultivation.

In order to prevent any accidents from happening, Shi Yu didn’t do anything as wasteful as fusing skills, adding points, and deducing skills for other pets. He directly started his own cultivation.

The gem cat kept modifying the source of transcendence, and Shi Yu kept receiving it.

During this process, Shi Yu quickly reached the peak of the super divine level and finally reached the peak.

However, according to the Super Empress, the peak of the super divine level was only the beginning. If he wanted to contract a cosmic level, just the peak of the super divine level was not enough. Shi Yu wanted to continue breaking through the limit and find another way to transcend 11, 12, 13… Just like when he was at the divine level.

Transcended 11 times. Even the few humans cultivated by cosmic overlords couldn’t do this. Shi Yu wanted to be the number one person now.

Of course, restricted by the efficiency of Teacher Cat’s modification of resources, Shi Yu would also start to turn around and cultivate new content whenever he was free.

Creating a new Beast Taming Talent.

At his level, it wasn’t difficult to create a new Beast Taming Talent. What was rare was to create a powerful Beast Taming Talent.

As for the Beast Taming Talent Shi Yu wanted to open up, it was undoubtedly comparable to the Vermillion Bird, White Tiger, and Black Tortoise Domains of the Green Dragon Domain.

If it was created out of thin air, even if Shi Yu had Baby Ginseng’s cultivation fruit and the World Tree Fruit, it would definitely be very difficult. Fortunately, he had the Green Dragon Domain as a reference. He also had Chi Tong’s Vermillion Bird clone, Shorty, and the Fusion Black Tortoise, the three pets closest to the real Four Saints.

This way, no matter how stupid Shi Yu was, he would definitely be able to open up the other four holy domains. It was just a matter of time.

During this process, Shi Yu had been observing Buggy’s state. The Green Dragon and the worm were still fighting.

There was no winner.

“As expected, super divine skills aren’t that easy to obtain.” Shi Yu was helpless against this.

After all, this concerned whether Buggy could obtain super divine skills.

The Ultimate Devour was a super divine skill, the peak crystallization of a bloodline skill. It was the final profundity cultivated by the Worm Queen with her life. In terms of level, it was even above the incomplete Chaos Divine Body and even Yin Yang Control.