Chapter 1874 - Chapter 1874: Buggy Evolution, Worm Of The Devour Universe (4)

Chapter 1874: Buggy Evolution, Worm of the Devour Universe (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

In Little Zi’s body, the galaxy trembled.

Even if Shi Yu didn’t inform the other pets, these guys also sensed shocking changes.

During this process, it didn’t even use Shi Yu’s skill to fuse. The dragon bloodline and worm bloodline in Buggy’s body actually fused on their own. Some of its dragon-element skills began to contain the worm-element.

A terrifying new bloodline was slowly born in its body.

Shi Yu kept receiving information in the outside world.

It could be said that apart from the super divine skill Ultimate Devour, which was the greatest gain, Buggy had also given birth to another quasi super divine skill at this moment. It was incomparably terrifying.

[Skill]: Universe Devourer (Incomplete)

[Introduction]: It can directly devour the power of the universe to grow.

After this skill appeared in his mind, Shi Yu was shocked on the spot.

He sensed the abnormality of this skill. Wasn’t this… the talent of a planet race?

Planet races could grow all the way to the cosmic level by directly absorbing the power of the universe without doing anything.

It was a competition of talent potential and time.

Now, Buggy actually had such an ability? However, other planets’ races had racial talent, while Buggy turned this racial talent into an active bloodline skill.

The essence of the worm bloodline was devour, the essence of the Green Dragon bloodline… Logically speaking, it should be life and creation, but it seemed that the bloodline fusion this time combined the characteristics of the Four Holy Constellation God and the cosmic god, allowing Buggy to learn a skill related to “stars” and “cosmic”.

For a moment, Shi Yu couldn’t think of a good way to use this skill, but Ling was pleasantly surprised.

“Master, I made a killing.”

“The strongest thing about this skill isn’t relying on absorbing the power of the universe to grow at all.”

“Why don’t we change our train of thought? The will of the universe is also a part of the universe and an invisible power of the universe.”

“If this Universe Devourer is raised to perfection, perhaps it can even devour the cosmic will and finally replace the cosmic will to become a new cosmic will, the Cosmic Heavenly Dao.”

“At that time, Buggy will be the universe, and Master, you and Buggy have a contract. You don’t have to do anything. You can directly contract the universe and become the holder of the universe…”

“Of course, it might be as difficult as ascending to the heavens for Buggy to do this, but even if it can’t reach that step, with this skill, it can also consume the cosmic will as much as possible and increase the success rate of the enhancement contract when you contract the universe.”

After Ling finished speaking, Shi Yu was stunned. Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others were also stunned. That worked?

However, they also knew that Ling was speculating. As long as they dared to imagine it, an ordinary frontal fist could still explode the universe. There was ultimately a difference between imagination and actual instant. Whether they could do it was the key. However, this was undeniable. The Ultimate Devour and the Universe Devourer skill directly gave Buggy the potential to replace the cosmic will, making Baby Ginseng drool.

Damn it.

“Buggy is really the strongest after evolution?” Bu Lu was also stunned.

The other pets looked like they were used to it. It was an old tradition.

“Wu wu.” Eleven crossed its arms. Fortunately, it still felt that its Chaotic Body was stronger. After all, it was a skill that could transcend and leave the universe.

At this moment, Buggy seemed to have finally finished.

“Wuu!” “Yi!!!”

The pets looked at Buggy’s situation. The cocoon that had slept for more than a year finally changed… But… there weren’t many changes.

Just like the first evolution, a pair of blue-purple eyes appeared on the cocoon…

“Wu!! (I’m back.)” Buggy, who had broken through to the peak of the super divine level and had evolved its race, returned excitedly. However, when it sensed that everyone was already at the peak of the super divine level, it was immediately stunned. It kept feeling that even after working hard for a year, it didn’t widen the gap with everyone?

“Welcome back.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “In your current state, you should be able to evolve again. At that time, with evolution, your growth level can also reach the cosmic level.”

Next, it was time to find enough evolution materials for Buggy.

Now, it could also devour the cosmic treasure for its own use and be invincible!

Eh.

At this moment, Shi Yu was stunned. Since Buggy could even devour the universe now, why not directly use the power of the universe to evolve?

To put it bluntly, cosmic treasures were only born from the universe. What power was stronger than the most primitive power of the universe?

“Directly devour the universe.” Just as Shi Yu was excited, the 11th round of Transcendent Sun appeared behind him. He officially stepped into the realm of transcendent 11. However, at the same time, the long-awaited cosmic heavenly tribulation appeared again…

It might be a little personal.