Chapter 1870 - Chapter 1870: Tragic (4)

Chapter 1870: Tragic (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

As the two pets fought head-on, Shi Yu also began to prepare. He could even imagine that if the team continued to roll like this, the threshold of the team internal competition might have to transcend the restrictions of the universe to start.

If strengthening Eleven required skill fusion, then strengthening Buggy now, apart from that resource, needed skill deduction.

Skill: Bloodline Control

< Introduction > It can control 100% of the fused cosmic bloodline into its own power.

Skill: Bloodline Limit

< Introduction > It can fuse at most two cosmic bloodlines of different natures in the body, allowing it to evolve and give birth to a more perfect bloodline. Note: One time, a life form can only use it once.

Shi Yu planned to let Buggy learn two new skills before fusing with the queen bloodline.

This skill was all the effects he had imagined, but the abnormality of the skill index was that it could deduce the learning method of this skill according to the skill effect of his imagination.

Therefore, although the skill index couldn’t increase points, as long as one dared to imagine it, there were still many ways to strengthen pets.

In the beginning, Shi Yu’s thoughts were even more ridiculous. For example, he imagined that he could fuse the many cosmic bloodlines in his body and evolve perfectly, but it completely exceeded the upper limit of the skill index. The deduction success rate was 0. Only when it fell to two and there were many restrictions at once did there be an extremely low chance of success.

However, two types were enough.

Under normal circumstances, even if Buggy successfully fused with the queen bloodline, Buggy might still not be able to control this kind of external high-level bloodline well. However, as long as it learned bloodline control and maxed it out, there shouldn’t be a problem.

Moreover, even if it controlled it perfectly, the Queen Worm bloodline was still its path. Even if Buggy didn’t want to take this path again and only used it as a tool for evolution, this evolution tool wasn’t its in the end.

However, as long as the bloodline restriction skill fused the foreign bloodline of the Worm Queen and the foreign bloodline of the Green Dragon, producing a new bloodline, this new perfect bloodline that had evolved would definitely be Buggy’s own. It would be more proficient in using it.

At that time, with the new bloodline fused by the Worm Queen and the Green Dragon as an evolution support tool, it would assist its insect bloodline in completing the evolution. It would become the strongest cosmic level!

The bloodline of the Worm Queen was in charge of Devouring the power of the outside world. The Green Dragon bloodline was in charge of opening up the main body as a new universe to consolidate the inner body in case it couldn’t withstand the nutritional impact of the outside world and died.

Of course, what Shi Yu was most worried about was whether he could find materials to learn these two skills in the Cosmic Sea…

Including recuperation, it took about half a month. Shi Yu successfully deduced the skills of Bloodline Control and Bloodline Limit. At the same time, he began to search for materials one after another.

With his current identity and strength, it was very easy for him to find anything unless it was a cosmic treasure.

Fortunately, he only needed to learn these skills and didn’t need cosmic treasure-level resources. In just three days, Shi Yu had found most of the skill materials, leaving only the last material to learn the bloodline limit.

It wasn’t that this material was very difficult to find. It could even be said that this material was the easiest to obtain among all the learning materials deduced.

However…

“Alright, there’s only this Star Prayer Race’s bloodline gem left. Let’s go draw two tubes of blood from Teacher Cat…”

“Sigh, learning a bloodline fusion skill actually requires the blood of the Star Prayer Race. How strange. Is this to let the blood make a wish on its own during the fusion process? It has to successfully fuse?”

If it were in the past, anyone who wanted to learn the bloodline restriction would probably have to scratch their heads because the Star Prayer Race had nowhere to find. Fortunately, Shi Yu happened to have the Star Prayer Race.

However, Shi Yu didn’t go to Teacher Cat to draw blood for a long time…

It was mainly because he had seen Teacher Cat work so hard. She wanted to modify the source of transcendence and optimize the crystal of the queen’s bloodline… Now, Buggy actually wanted her pure bloodline to learn a skill. Even capitalists weren’t so cruel.

“You’re here.”

In the working room, Teacher Cat wiped her sweat and said, “The bloodline crystal is over there. In addition, another source of transcendence has been modified. Take it yourself.”

“Ah, this battle state makes me quite nervous. If we really start a war, I haven’t finished modifying these sources of transcendence. If I let you break through, wouldn’t you become the sin cat of the Cosmic Sea?” The gem cat was vexed.

So difficult. Was this the so-called saying that the greater the ability, the greater the responsibility?

When could he be a carefree free cat?

The gem cat thought about it carefully. It was actually the one who lived the most leisurely when it was a warehouse manager at Ancient Capital University.

Damn it, ambition and desire had harmed him!

Shi Yu coughed dryly and said, “There’s no need to feel so guilty, but if you really feel that guilty, can you let me draw two tubes of your blood before you condense it into a bloodline gem?”

The gem cat: “?”

“Damn, why do you want my blood?”

Shi Yu said, “Buggy’s skill materials… aren’t for free. At most, I’ll let Buggy acknowledge you as its godmother. How good would it be to have another cosmic son in the future?”

The gem cat said in disdain, “No, you’re more like my son. Forget it, it’s just two tubes of blood… But the two tubes are too abstract. How much is it exactly?”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Not much. A ton each.”

“You f*cking want me to die???”