Chapter 1877 - Chapter 1877: New Healer, Super Empress (3)

Chapter 1877: New Healer, Super Empress (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Perhaps they had succeeded in transcending the tribulation or failed, but their traces were all branded in the Tribulation Sea. At this moment, these power phantoms had also become a kind of heavenly tribulation that was about to fall.

“Alright, come on.” Shi Yu took a deep breath. He knew that the sixth brother of the cosmic will wasn’t that simple. Fortunately, he didn’t attack just now and preserved his physical strength. Now, it was completely no problem to fuse with Eleven and Buggy to fight the experts of the other eras.

At this moment, not only was Shi Yu unafraid, but he was also very excited.

In the other eras, he definitely cultivated other power systems. He also wanted to broaden his horizons and see what he would encounter.

Even if it was someone of the same level, Shi Yu didn’t believe that anyone could defeat him, who mainly cultivated the Beast Taming System.

Under the Beast Taming System, he wasn’t alone. To be precise, the power all over his body came from various pets. He must be stronger than individuals.

Unity was power!

However, just as Shi Yu was about to fight, the Tribulation Sea that had just condensed the power phantoms of other era experts suddenly trembled. A black and purple wave invaded the Tribulation Sea, causing it to quickly disperse and retreat like a tide.

Before Shi Yu could wait for the calamity, the Universe Tribulation Sea disappeared without a trace, leaving behind a dark starry sky.

Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, and the others were stunned on the spot.

What was going on?

It was gone just like that?

“It’s the cosmic virus.” Realizing the abnormality of the Tribulation Sea, the World King said, “I didn’t expect the cosmic virus’s corrosion of the universe to have reached such a deep level.”

“The virus that should have been used to weaken us has helped a lot.” The Super Empress’s voice sounded. “Looks like the heavenly tribulation has already ended.”

The voices of the World King and the Super Empress sounded in Shi Yu’s heart at the same time, stunning him.

He said, “No, what scammy virus? It’s over just like that. I’m not satisfied yet. I haven’t fought experts from other eras. Give me back my lightning tribulation!!”

Shi Yu was about to go crazy. He didn’t want to transmigrate, but when he wanted to get addicted to transmigrating, the Tribulation Sea directly left. What the hell?

“Roar, roar, roar.” Eleven and the others also looked dissatisfied. Yes, yes, they hadn’t had enough fun.

Could that power phantom be eaten?

They felt that it couldn’t be eaten, but after being beaten up for so long, it was fine to beat it up.

The World King and the Empress could understand when they sensed Shi Yu and the others’ childish hearts.

“The Tribulation Transcenders of other eras?” For warlike people, having a chance to fight experts of other eras was undoubtedly very precious. Although Shi Yu and the others weren’t easy to fight, it was indeed a little regretful to miss such an opportunity.

“No one knows the strength of the next lightning tribulation. It’s always a good thing to be able to cheat and clear the level without being affected,” the Super Empress said. “If you want to fight experts from other eras, become the holder of the universe. At that time, there are plenty of opportunities to clear other parallel eras.”

Shi Yu said, “I’ve already become the holder of the universe. I’m definitely invincible in the entire universe. When the time comes, what’s the point of bullying experts from other eras… Well, it does seem more interesting than fighting a phantom.”

“Wu wu wu.” “Wu wu wu!!” Eleven and Buggy were stunned and nodded. That made sense.

The culture in Shi Yu’s team had never been to enjoy battle. Instead, when they encountered strong enemies, they would cultivate quietly and increase their points to become stronger before crushing the other party.

Who said that experts had to grow while in combat?

It was better to save enough strength and bully the weak.

At this moment, without the interference of the Tribulation Sea, Shi Yu completely stabilized his realm that exceeded transcendent 11 and was no longer suppressed by the cosmic will. Apart from that, Eleven and Buggy, who had swallowed the nomological tribulation, had much stronger auras.

Sensing the current situation, Shi Yu was very happy and excited.

“World King.” At this moment, sensing Shi Yu’s state, the Super Empress said to the World King’s will, “I’ve already strengthened your barrier for you.”

“Next, please protect Shi Yu and me.”

“What do you mean?” World King said.

“His level has already reached the standard. I want to sign a contract with him to help him cultivate and enter the cosmic level.”

World King: “?”

“What?” Even as a cosmic level, the World King was a little stunned.

The Super Empress… wanted to sign a contract with Shi Yu?

Shi Yu and the Empress quickly appeared in her vision.

When did they hook up to this extent!

She completely didn’t expect that the Super Empress would want to contract Shi Yu.

Even if a cosmic overlord cultivated humans, they definitely wouldn’t have the intention of contracting humans.

This was because if human Beast Tamers wanted to obtain feedback, there were only two types of contracts. The first was a master-servant contract, with humans as the master and pets as servants. The second was an equal contract.

The contract of a human servant pet master couldn’t give much feedback to human Beast Tamers.

It was naturally impossible for a cosmic life form to sign a master-servant contract with a super divine level human.

Therefore, the contract the Super Empress wanted to make with Shi Yu must be an equal contract.

However, the risk of the equal contract failing was borne by human Beast Tamers and pets together.

How could a cosmic life form be willing to take a huge risk to sign an equal contract with a lower-level human to help the other party become stronger?

It wasn’t strange for the World King to be surprised that the Super Empress wanted to use any other method to nurture Shi Yu to the cosmic level, but she didn’t understand why the Super Empress would be so determined to contract him.