Chapter 1875 - Chapter 1875: New Healer, Super Empress (1)

Chapter 1875: New Healer, Super Empress (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

On Blue Planet.

The Super Empress, Susu, and Duckie had already learned the method to contract the universe from the little nun.

When Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng found their way, the other pets weren’t idle either. They were all searching for their way blindly.

Shi Yu arranged for the pixel duck to prepare for the Dark King Army.

Using the cosmic contract method, Susu modified the Star Sea Contract, making the range of the Star Sea Contract larger. It could cover the entire cosmic sea with the World King Planet as the center.

It was basically equivalent to her reaching the level of the Sun God General.

As for Duckie, it had even learned the cleansing divine skill of the Buddhist Sect, Buddhist Light.

The two pets, one positive and one negative. It could be imagined that in the future, when the cosmic virus was completely cleansed, they would definitely be the main battle power.

After obtaining the method to cleanse the cosmic virus, the Super Empress was much more at ease. She entered seclusion outside Blue Planet to cultivate.

At the moment, there wasn’t much that could alarm the Super Empress. The shattering of the Cosmic Sea barrier was one, and Shi Yu’s breakthrough might also be another.

“Boom… Boom… Boom…”

The starry sky changed, and endless tribulation seas formed. In her mystic realm, the Super Empress opened her eyes and said, “I finally broke through.”

“From ancient times until now, at least in this era, he’s the first to transcendent 11. Looks like if he breaks the limit at the super divine level, he will still encounter the heavenly tribulation of the universe. It has nothing to do with his identity. Even the concealment method I taught them has lost its effect.”

“What happened?”

At this moment, in the Starry Sky Tribulation Sea, meteorites, storms, lightning, flames, frost, black holes, white holes, and various other law phenomena were born. It was far more complicated than the tribulation lightning that descended after breaking through the limit of the divine level.

Sensing the vibration of the starry sky, the World Tree and the other creatures were shocked, thinking that the Dark King and the Beastmaster were attacking.

“Every power isn’t inferior to my full-strength attack.” Goddess Wa looked at this terrifying heavenly tribulation and fell silent. She understood that Shi Yu’s realm had already exceeded hers and reached a level that the universe couldn’t tolerate.

“It’s coming for me.” At this moment, Shi Yu came out of Blue Planet and walked out of the planet. He stood in the starry sky. Eleven blazing suns shone behind him. Blue Planet’s Will and the others noticed Shi Yu’s situation and were slightly shocked.

Transcendent 11. This situation had never happened.

Since ancient times, even if Beast Tamers enhanced their pets’ strength, they had never had it.

However, there was a legend. If a human Beast Tamer reached the peak of the super divine level, his pet would also reach the peak of the super divine level. If the Beast Tamer enhanced his strength on his pet, that pet could reach a realm that exceeded transcendent 11.

On the other hand, as long as one Beast Tamer or pet didn’t reach the peak of the super divine level, the accumulation of 10+9 on both sides wouldn’t be 19, but 10.

Only 10+10 would be 11.

But now, Shi Yu had actually reached the realm of transcendent 11 alone, and not him who had enhanced his pet to transcendent 11.

Apart from the experts of Blue Planet, although this area was quickly sealed off by the Super Empress and isolated Blue Planet from the starry sky, there was another life form that sensed the changes here.

The will of the World King Planet also sensed the descent of the Universe Tribulation Sea and couldn’t help but watch.

“They succeeded in reaching transcendent 11?”

At this moment, the World King’s will was undoubtedly very happy.

Although the birth of a transcendent 11 Beast Tamer still wasn’t considered a cosmic Beast Tamer, it was equivalent to a miracle of the same level.

Only by reaching transcendent 11 could he break through to the cosmic level!

Even the cosmic overlord, Cypos, didn’t nurture a Beast Tamer who exceeded transcendent 11. At most, he would let the Beast Tamer’s pet reach transcendent 11 with the support of its master.

Of course, according to archeological discoveries, the cosmic overlord could confirm that be it humans who exceeded transcendent 11 or cosmic-level humans, they really existed. In other eras, it was just that the birth conditions were too difficult.

Thinking about it carefully, Shi Yu’s cultivation level was almost equivalent to two lifetimes plus the feedback of more than ten peak super divine pets. Among them, there was also the feedback of a freak like Buggy that had fused two cosmic bloodlines to succeed.

If it were anyone else, it would be too difficult to replicate.

“Roar!!!”

“Wu!!!”

At this moment, the lightning tribulation descended. Shi Yu ascended to the starry sky. Beside him was a black and white panda and a strange worm cocoon.

Shi Yu only kept these two pets because the fluctuations of this heavenly tribulation were too terrifying… and too delicious.

Letting Baby Ginseng and the others block it was a pure waste. Not only would they be injured, but they would also waste the power of the heavenly tribulation.

On the other hand, be it Eleven or Buggy, the former could refine the power of the heavenly tribulation through the Chaos Divine Body, while the latter could devour the power of the universe through the Universe Devour skill…

Although his good mood just now was completely disturbed by the heavenly tribulation, Shi Yu endured it on account of the heavenly tribulation giving him a big meal.

“Eat it,” Shi Yu ordered.

“Boom… Boom… Boom…” Just as Shi Yu got his two pets to charge up, the starry sky was first completed by the tribulation lightning and directly descended.

Just a golden lightning tribulation produced a temperature that was higher than the full-strength eruption of the Sun God General, let alone the terrifying law power contained inside. If it was struck, even a peak super divine like Teacher Cat would be instantly killed.

“Wuu!!” However, Eleven didn’t even blink. A chaotic aura lingered on its body as it directly faced the lightning tribulation, just like how it used the Thunder Palm to cut the lightning in the Class assessment back then. Now, it was replicating it again, but the identities and strength of both parties were already worlds apart.

Boom.

During the Heavenly Thunder Purification, the lightning light was glorious. Every wisp of electric arc tore through space and time. Eleven’s body was like a piece of divine iron and a Lightning Rod, enduring the impact of the heavenly tribulation on every inch of his body.