Chapter 1871 - Chapter 1871: Buggy Evolution, Worm Of The Devouring Universe (1)

Chapter 1871: Buggy Evolution, Worm of the Devouring Universe (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Don’t panic. As long as you expand to the size of a cosmic behemoth, isn’t drawing two tons of blood a matter of minutes?”

Shi Yu chuckled.

“Bullshit, your family’s tube is the cannon barrel of a cosmic cannon.”

The gem cat was just short of slapping Shi Yu away.

“How long has it been since you were injured? With your current strength, it’s easy for a drop of blood to crush a starfield…” Shi Yu looked at her suspiciously. It was just a joke. This guy really cared about weight?

As long as the quality of the bloodline was right and it could be condensed into a bloodline gem, everything else was secondary.

“You’re so long-winded… So annoying. I understand.”

In the end, the gem cat still submitted to Shi Yu. As for Shi Yu, he took away the bloodline gem, the queen bloodline crystal, and the new source of transcendence that the cat had trained recently.

He also considerately left a few super divine dates made by Baby Ginseng for her.

“The skill index shows that it just needs an ordinary super divine-quality bloodline gem. Teacher Cat condensed a top-notch super divine-quality in an instant. This cat is good!”

“It’s all because Master said that the higher the quality, the better… That it would persecute Teacher Cat…” Ling’s voice echoed in Shi Yu’s heart as they left dejectedly.

After taking the things, Shi Yu and the others’ mission was very clear.

About a week later, with the help of Baby Ginseng’s cultivation fruit and the World Tree Fruit, Buggy learned bloodline control and bloodline restriction.

< Name > Buggy

[Level of Growth]: Super divine level (Transcendent 7 times)

[Star Arms]: Dragon Ball

[Skill]:

“Divine-level”: Worm Bloodline (transcendent), Faith skill, Creation God Domain (transcendent), Space Control (transcendent), Dragon of Imagination (transcendent), Faith skill, Dragon Star Group (transcendent), Faith skill, Green Dragon Indestructible Body (transcendent), Star Refinement (transcendent), Spirit Control (transcendent), Magnetic Travel (transcendent), Faith Plunder (transcendent), Arms Control (transcendent), Bloodline Control (transcendent), Bloodline Limit (transcendent), Infinite Devour Devour (transcendent).

At this moment, Buggy could be said to be a remnant of the old era. Although it had returned to being a worm, it was the only worm-type skill that had been tempered to the divine level. It was very pitiful.

More powerful skills still came from the Green Dragon’s evolution path, but this was also related to the fact that it didn’t walk on a new path. Now, Buggy was finally going to take the first step.

First, it learned the Infinite Devour, Bloodline Control, and Bloodline Limit, allowing it to go from transcendent 6 to transcendent 7. Then, Shi Yu took out the Queen’s bloodline crystal and threw it to Buggy.

These three moves were actually to lay the foundation for learning the Ultimate Devour.

“Yi. (I didn’t expect that you would evolve from the Green Silkworm again one day.)” Baby Ginseng leaned against the tree and looked at Buggy.

“Wu wu. (Yes, yes.)” Eleven took out its cell phone. There was also a video it treasured inside. It was Buggy’s first evolution.

It recorded it at Ancient Capital University. In a daze, such a long time had passed since then.

“What, what, let me take a look.” Not everyone had seen the pets that joined the team later. For example, Bu Lu immediately came over and said.

Fusion of the Queen’s bloodline crystal was a very dangerous thing. Many of the Queen’s biological heirs’ genes collapsed because they couldn’t withstand the powerful inheritance of the Ultimate Devour.

Buggy had a godson, so the success rate was hard to say.

However, the other pets didn’t seem to think that Buggy would fail. Only Shi Yu, the Beast Tamer, had the heart to bless Buggy.

“Don’t die!!” Shi Yu said.

“Ji!!” After receiving Shi Yu’s encouragement, Buggy’s expression drooped, and then it was determined!

No!

In fact, even if it failed, its life shouldn’t be in danger. Shi Yu and the others were very prepared. For example, Baby Ginseng used the Time Mark to record Buggy, and Buggy could also use the Green Dragon faith to revive itself.

However, it was uncertain if the bloodline crystal could recover to its original state. At that time, it would undoubtedly miss the path of the universe.

The Worm Queen probably wouldn’t be kind enough to give him a second one.

“Wuu.” As it spoke, Buggy directly used the worm silk to sweep over the bloodline crystal the size of a soldier’s ping pong ball. It opened its mouth wide and let out Eleven’s voice before eating the queen bloodline crystal in one bite!

After Devour, Buggy’s expression first changed. Then, it immediately activated Infinite Devour…

This bloodline crystal undoubtedly exceeded this category. Fortunately, Buggy had the bloodline control skill, and its foundation was strong enough. Perhaps it could break through…

“Wu!!!”

In the next moment, Buggy’s expression became pained. Shi Yu and the others were beside it, but they didn’t dare to talk.

“It’s coming.” Shi Yu’s heart froze. Soon, such a terrifying bloodline fusion immediately triggered Buggy’s racial talent, “Cocoon Evolution”.

Buggy relied on this talent to evolve into the Butterfly of Imagination and the evolution skill of the Butterfly of Imagination to become the Green Dragon. Now, in the end, it still started a new reincarnation and used its initial racial talent to evolve from its initial posture again.

“Ji!!”

At this moment, Buggy didn’t move at all. Its body directly spread with light and didn’t spit out silk to form a cocoon. That was because its control over the worm silk had already reached the point where it could directly transform the nature of its body into worm silk!

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others saw the terrifying purple-red phantom of the Worm Queen lingering outside Buggy’s body, as if it wanted to devour it and emit an aura that made one’s bloodline tremble.