Chapter 1878 - Chapter 1878: New Healer, Super Empress (4)

Chapter 1878: New Healer, Super Empress (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Did the other party trust Shi Yu so much?

How exactly did Shi Yu do it?

He had only asked him to do a quest, but in the end, not only did Shi Yu solve the Cosmic Sea crisis, but he also made the Super Empress do this for him?

“According to other methods, it’s too slow,” the Super Empress said.

Moreover, when she was two consciousnesses, one of them had long taken the initiative to sign a contract with Shi Yu.

Now, it was just connecting this broken contract again.

As for his baffling trust in Shi Yu, it might be related to the previous era. Perhaps both parties were really old friends.

“Now?” Shi Yu heard the Empress’s words and said, “Then I’ll leave it to you, Lord World King.”

Since the Empress judged that a contract could be signed now, Shi Yu naturally accepted it.

As long as he successfully contracted it, he could cross the cosmic level and become the real seventh throne.

At that time, he would really not be afraid of anyone in this universe.

“Alright… Since you’ve already made your decision.”

“I’ll try my best not to let external factors interfere with your contract,” World King said after a moment of thought.

Only the three of them knew about the conversation between the World King, Shi Yu, and the Super Empress. Even Goddess Wa and the Blue Planet’s Will were blocked.

The World King didn’t expect Shi Yu and the Super Empress to make this decision. By doing this, Shi Yu could indeed reach the cosmic level as soon as possible.

However, according to her thoughts, she originally thought that Shi Yu would choose to nurture a cosmic-level path himself.

For example, that worm, that panda.

Although it might take longer and take ten thousand years or even hundreds of millions of years, it was undoubtedly stable. After all, both parties already had a contract. Letting pets try to break through above their level was also a different kind of contracted cosmic level.

“If they can successfully contract it, then a cosmic-level Beast Tamer, a cosmic-level Super Empress, the Dark King, and the Beastmaster undoubtedly made the worst choice.”

“And if their contract fails…”

The World King prepared for the worst. She had fought for time for Shi Yu to become stronger. In fact, she was already very satisfied that Shi Yu had become stronger to this point, but now, it looked like Shi Yu also wanted to take another step forward.

He wanted to play a pivotal role in the battle with the Dark King.

As for the current transcendent 11 Shi Yu… The World King estimated that under their full strength, they already had 30% of the battle power of the cosmic throne. It was already extraordinary for them to reach such an achievement with the Super God Realm.

In the eyes of Blue Planet and the others, Shi Yu had disappeared after transcending the lightning tribulation. They didn’t know where Shi Yu had gone.

However, Shi Yu had always been such a sloppy and impatient person. Everyone was already used to it. Seeing that Shi Yu had transcended the lightning tribulation normally, they were relieved.

At this moment, in fact, Shi Yu had already entered the contract space created by the Empress with his pets.

The appearance of this contract space was similar to the pavilion in the sky of the Hundred Flower Star Region back then. The Super Empress said, “Are you ready?”

“I’m a little nervous,” Shi Yu said.

“There’s no need to be nervous. I’ve already signed a contract with you in parallel space. The contract method of the two eras is shared. In my deduction, the success rate is already 99%.”

Shi Yu looked at the Super Empress and felt that her tone was a little close to Lily.

“Isn’t there still 1%?”

“There’s no absolute success rate in everything,” the Empress said. “I don’t know what will happen either.”

“Why don’t we wait another half a month? In any case, this little time isn’t a problem. I’ll train other pets,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright…” the Super Empress said. She could be happy at any time.

He didn’t lack this bit of time.

Shi Yu scratched his head and looked at the Super Empress. “In any case, we’re about to contract it. Why don’t you help me train my pet, Empress? It’s too tiring for me to train it myself.”

“What do you mean?” The Super Empress had a premonition that she wanted to work.

At this moment, Shi Yu summoned all his pets and said, “Empress, you know healing… No, you know healing skills, right? Leave the cultivation of pets to me. You just have to increase my state. When my pets reach their peak and I’m also returned to a stronger state by them, we’ll start the contract!!”

Shi Yu wanted to let the Super Empress be a healer to assist in the fusion of his skills.

It had to be said that after Shi Yu finished speaking, every pet of Shi Yu looked at the Super Empress with shining eyes. A cosmic-level healer. This was something they didn’t even dare to imagine in the past.

“Help…” Qi was about to drool. With the Empress’s help, her few time skills would definitely be able to fuse into time control very quickly!

Otherwise, if she had to rely on Baby Ginseng to heal her, she would have to wait until the god knows when, it’ll be a cold day in hell.

“At your current level, even if they all reach the cosmic Race, it’s impossible for them to make much progress,” the Super Empress said. “Forget it, then as you wish. After helping you nurture your pets, we’ll contract.”

“Wuuu!!” Eleven was overjoyed. It wished Shi Yu and the Empress success in contracting! However, in the blink of an eye, it frowned. It seemed… that its skills had almost been fused? It had nothing to do with the subsequent cultivation?? Ah!

In short, at this moment, when they heard that the cosmic-level Empress wanted to be a healer and assist them in adding points, everyone was excited. They felt that their strength could welcome another epic increase.

“Let it create enough nourishing medicine. I’ll help you refine it into a medicinal pill,” the Empress said.

Shi Yu was stunned. “Empress, you know how to refine pills?”

The Super Empress said, “It should be my primitive racial talent. I was able to awaken it after plundering a portion of the power of the Universe Tree. However, it consumes a lot of strength and isn’t convenient to use. It’s a very contradictory feeling. It might be related to some experiences in my previous life.”

Shi Yu said with a strange expression, “Don’t tell me you were a jade rabbit in your previous life? You specialized in creating medicine!”