Chapter 1879 - Chapter 1879: Charging Towards The Cosmic Level (1)

Chapter 1879: Charging Towards the Cosmic Level (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Jade Rabbit…”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the Super Empress was clearly stunned.

This was the first time she had heard of this race.

Her main body was indeed a rabbit.

“What else do you know?” the Super Empress asked.

It looked like Shi Yu, who carried a portion of his memories, indeed knew more than her, someone with no memories.

“It’s just a myth.”

“Jade Rabbit, also known as Moon Rabbit, lives on the moon and is in charge of pounding medicine in the Moon Palace. It’s a creature from ancient Chinese myths and legends.”

Shi Yu pondered for a moment and said,

“There are too many stories about her. I don’t know which is true, or maybe none of them are true.”

“Speak,” the Super Empress said, meaning that she wanted to hear everything.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. Eleven and the others also raised their heads. They also knew this!!

When Shi Yu was bored, he would tell them various mythical stories.

It was very much like an adult coaxing a child with a story.

“It’s said that the Moon Rabbit is the embodiment of Chang’e, a woman who drank the elixir of immortality and ascended to the moon…”

Next, Shi Yu told the other party all kinds of myths and legends about the Jade Rabbit.

However, this kind of thing was clearly unreliable. Among the six myths and legends Shi Yu mentioned, some said that the Jade Rabbit was the embodiment of Chang’e, some said that the Jade Rabbit was Hou Yi, Chang’e’s husband, and some said that the Jade Rabbit was Chang’e’s “pet”. It was a rabbit that had become a spirit and was male.

“In short, the ability of the Moon Rabbit is to hold the jade pestle and kneel on the ground to smash the medicine. It can refine pills that allow longevity and immortality. It’s very powerful.”

Shi Yu estimated that he would probably have to recover his “complete memories” to know about this.

“If my memories were complete, I might know more,” Shi Yu said.

“I once learned in the ruins of an ancient god that ‘I’ had contact with the ‘Heavenly Court’ and definitely knew a lot of inside information. When I become the holder of the universe, we can figure it out when we return to the last era.”

“Yes.” The Super Empress nodded. The legendary stuff Shi Yu mentioned was indeed the same as listening to it for nothing. She indeed didn’t analyze anything.

However, the key word Jade Rabbit could be memorized deeply.

“Alright, let’s begin.” The new healer, the Super Empress, looked at Shi Yu’s entire team.

“This is too awesome.”

Before long, Shi Yu was shocked by the Empress’s ability.

The supplements created by Baby Ginseng were already powerful.

Under the refinement of the Super Empress, Shi Yu ate one of the pills. The extremely low success rate was like a joke.

It succeeded without any side effects. Compared to the previous torment, it was simply extremely happy.

As Shi Yu’s biological daughter, Chi Tong was the target of additional points.

At this moment, she was also overjoyed. She flew non-stop in the form of a sword.

The cleansing pill refined with Baby Ginseng’s supplements and Susu’s cleansing water greatly offset the pain of adding points.

She and Shi Yu barely felt any pressure before the skill fusion was successful.

The Immortal Slaying Sword Formation, Interlocking Sword, and Myriad Sword Convergence directly fused into the sword origin.

This was a very strange move.

Generally speaking, most laws in the universe were derived from “natural environments”.

However, there were also a few special cosmic laws derived from the “thought of life”.

For example, when many lives’ “warpath” reached the extreme and reached a saturated level, the universe would be born with the corresponding “Warpath Law” because of these life thoughts.

It could be said that natural laws, such as water laws and thunder laws, were all natural laws.

As for the Warpath Law and the Sword Law, they were all acquired laws.

In this universe, when the number of lives using weapons like sword or sword-type lives reached a certain number, the universe gave birth to the first wisp of the Sword Origin, which was the prototype of all Sword Laws.

Now, what Chi Tong had mastered was the source of all the Sword Laws that traced back to the origin.

The origin of the sword wasn’t a law skill, but it could give birth to laws and form new sword laws by fusing various laws, such as the previous Immortal Slaying Sword Formation, Myriad Sword Convergence, and the Interlocking Sword.

It could also directly attack with its source. For example, if the source of the sword was attached to ordinary swords that didn’t contain laws, it could also display shocking divine might.

Of course, it was definitely weaker than the nomological sword skill. After all, the origin was also born from the universe. However, at least, without the power of laws to attack now, it was much stronger than before. Therefore, Chi Tong was very happy after obtaining this skill.

It wasn’t afraid of the Chaos Divine Body anymore.

Chi Tong looked at Eleven.

“Wu wu wu.”

“Continue, continue.” Originally, it would have taken a lot of effort to fuse such a skill, but now, with the Empress’s support, Shi Yu knew what it meant to take off!

Just like that, a week later.

Every skill of Shi Yu’s pet had been fused.

The originally top-notch divine skills were all even more divine.

For example, skills like Time Acceleration and Time Stop fused into Time Control.

Unfortunately, even if everyone was strengthened, just as the Super Empress had said, Shi Yu couldn’t break through to super divine 12.

This was because even if the entire team could fuse all the skills, they didn’t give birth to a second super divine skill like Buggy.

It was mainly because Buggy had the bloodline given by the Empress, so it was easier.

And with the power of the skill index, raising Shi Yu’s pet to this extent was already the limit. The skill index couldn’t create a cosmic level out of thin air, nor could it create a cosmic-level race.