Chapter 1873 - Chapter 1873: Buggy Evolution, Worm Of The Devour Universe (3)

Chapter 1873: Buggy Evolution, Worm of the Devour Universe (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

If Buggy wanted to obtain this, it would definitely have to suffer countless times more pain than before.

As for time, Shi Yu could wait, but he didn’t know how long the World King’s barrier could last. If the Dark King and the Beastmaster charged into the Cosmic Sea at this time, he couldn’t fight in his state.

In the blink of an eye, a year had passed since World King Planet entered a special battle state.

In a year, an unprecedented recruitment began in the entire Cosmic Sea. Almost all the divine-level Beast Tamers who cleansed their races and contracted them were searched by the Environmental Protection Army, asking if they wanted to join the Environmental Protection Army.

The other Star Army, Contract Army, and Myriad Race Army were also vast and mighty. As they recruited soldiers, they set up arrays to protect the Cosmic Sea in all directions.

As the number one super divine in the Cosmic Sea and the future seventh throne, Shi Yu acted as if this battle didn’t concern him. He didn’t prepare for battle frequently like other peak super divines.

It was mainly because it was impossible for other super divines to have much breakthroughs in the short term. However, Shi Yu was different. With rich resources, he could improve greatly every minute and second.

In a year, the speed at which the gem cat modified the source of transcendence was also increasing. Recently, it had finally modified all the source of transcendence.

If nearly a hundred sources of transcendence were all cultivated into super divines, the number would be terrifying. However, at this moment, they were all absorbed and refined by Shi Yu himself.

However, what gave Shi Yu a headache was that even after absorbing so many resources, although he could sense that even if he could crush the Sun God General alone without the power of any pet, enough to have battle power close to the Black-robed Empress at that time, he still couldn’t transcend 11 time.s

At this moment, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and every other pet’s strength had also subtly increased during the process of Shi Yu becoming stronger, reaching the peak of the super divine level. However, Shi Yu’s level was still the same.

After a year of bitter cultivation, excluding the sleeping Buggy, all of them were at the peak of the super divine level. It was undoubtedly very terrifying and rich strength. It was probably not impossible to say that the current Shi Yu and the others had 5% or 10% of the strength of the cosmic emperor together.

However, Shi Yu knew that this wasn’t enough.

Facing a real cosmic level, it would still be insta-killed.

Even if it had 50% of the strength of a cosmic level, it couldn’t escape the fate of being insta-killed. If it wanted to resist a cosmic level, the difference had to be narrowed to less than 20%.

Moreover, according to the Empress, at least at the super divine level, the entire team had to have 20% strength comparable to the cosmic emperor. Only then would there be a slight chance of successfully contracting without any resistance and active cooperation from the cosmic level.

“Where exactly is the key to transcendent 11?” At this moment, Shi Yu had even cultivated the other three holy domains to a point close to the Green Dragon Domain.

The other talents were also cultivated to perfection, including the spatial talent.

However, he still couldn’t find a way to reach transcendent 11.

Shi Yu knew that whether he could perfectly contract the Empress depended on this level.

One day, Shi Yu finally felt the bottleneck loosen.

“Transcendent 11 is the same as the 11th heavenly layer of the divine level. The key is in the pet. As long as one pet becomes a peak super divine of a cosmic race, the feedback can allow the Beast Tamer to break through.”

The reason why Shi Yu made this judgment was because he had spent a year in the outside world. After an unknown period of time in the bloodline dream, Buggy finally defeated the Worm Queen!

He had successfully learned the super divine skill “Ultimate Devour” through bloodline control!

This was the main reason why Shi Yu felt his level finally changing. However, at this moment, Buggy couldn’t be said to be a cosmic race, because even if the Ultimate Devour was perfectly controlled by it, it was still given by someone else.

Now, if it wanted to take a deeper step to control the queen bloodline, the first thing it had to do was to fuse it with the Green Dragon bloodline after controlling the queen bloodline and give birth to a new bloodline that belonged to it.

“Roar!!!”

In Buggy’s bloodline space, after the broken Green Dragon Buggy defeated the Worm Queen, it bared its fangs and brandished its claws, jumping down from the starry sky, as if it wanted to Devour the Worm Queen’s bloodline body in one bite.

This process wasn’t as difficult as before. Buggy activated its bloodline restriction and controlled the Green Dragon bloodline and the Queen bloodline to fuse.

At the same time.

Worm Mother Nest.

Even if the Cosmic Sea was completely sealed, the Worm Queen still sensed the change in the bloodline she gave.

Her expression was incredulous.

“It actually fused so quickly, and it’s already perfectly controlled. As expected, I didn’t choose the wrong person.”

“Moreover, you actually dare to…”

Sensing that its bloodline was being forcefully refined and fused with other cosmic bloodlines, the Worm Queen was first stunned. Then, it let out a laugh that made the hair of the entire Worm Mother Nest stand on end.

“He can actually do this. Shi Yu is indeed a lunatic. No wonder he was chosen by that crazy woman. Interesting. The Dark King and the Beastmaster might not know what kind of monster they are facing. Shi Yu will definitely give them a huge surprise.”

“If he succeeds, his talent potential might be comparable to Cypo!!”

With the bloodline of the Worm Queen and the bloodline of the Green Dragon, no one knew what kind of legend would be created.

However, at this moment, as Buggy fused, it completely stepped into the threshold of the cosmic race.