Chapter 1876 - Chapter 1876: New Healer, Super Empress (2)

Chapter 1876: New Healer, Super Empress (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Electric arcs wrapped around its flesh and quickly turned into runes that fused into it, tempering Eleven’s body even stronger. “Sun God General, your loss wasn’t in vain. ”

“It can actually ignore law lightning of this level. ”

When the World King saw this, it was secretly shocked. Before reaching the cosmic level, no, even now, it couldn’t imagine that there was actually a super divine level who could be so valiant.

The reason why the World King could reach the cosmic level was partly because of its racial talent and partly because of the push of the Beastmaster. It could be said to be not that difficult. Now, seeing the valiance of the Chaotic Body Eleven, the World King judged that it definitely couldn’t defeat this panda before the cosmic level.

What was even more terrifying was that Eleven’s Chaotic Body was actually still being perfected under the baptism of the tribulation lightning.

Shi Yu could also sense that if Eleven ‘s incomplete Chaotic Body was 10% perfect previously, it had become 11% now.

Not only could fusing other new skills increase the perfection, but the Universe Devour’s law tribulation could also perfect the Chaotic Body!

Realizing this, Shi Yu and Eleven’s eyes lit up even more.

Before the big shots observing the lightning tribulation could be shocked, another phenomenon descended from the Tribulation Sea born in the starry sky. It was endless fallen leaves. The withered fallen leaves emitted an endless murderous aura and contained death fluctuations, as if they could snatch away all life.

They were like blades that rained down like autumn rain.

“Wuu!! ” However, at this moment, Eleven was enjoying the lightning and had no time to care about this. Seeing this, Buggy quickly leaped up. Eleven had snatched the lightning just now, so Eleven couldn’t snatch it, right?

Boom!!

Although it was in the form of a cocoon, when it ascended, its body immediately turned into a terrifying bloodline vortex that exceeded the black hole. Those fallen leaves were like weeds facing a lawn mower, attracted to devour without any resistance.

The terrifying bloodline power swallowed the laws of the universe and turned into its growth nutrients. In Buggy’s cocoon space, in the dark space and time, a trace of withered fallen leaves was permanently branded. It directly refined this heavenly tribulation and kept it as a backup evolution material. At this moment, the World King, who was observing in the dark, was shocked again.

“Ultimate Devour. ”

“No, it’s not as simple as the Ultimate Devour. ”

“Cosmic-level race… So the source of his breakthrough is here. ”

World King was shocked. He didn’t expect that the first person in Shi Yu’s team to enter a cosmic race wasn ‘t Eleven, but the little guy who had evolved into a Green Dragon and degenerated into a worm.

From the looks of it, this little worm had achieved its ambition and completed its terrifying evolution again in the form of a worm. Not only would it surpass the Green Dragon, but it would also surpass the Worm Queen.

At this moment, with Buggy’s Ultimate Devour and the Universe Devourer skill, even in the era before the extinction of that cosmic race, it could be considered above average. Its talent was close to the cosmic overlord Cypos, who was born with two super divine skills.

Now, after discovering that Buggy could also ignore the calamity of the universe’s laws like Eleven, although the World King had never seen lightning tribulation that exceeded transcendent 11, it felt that Shi Yu seemed to be stable.

The others were the same. When they sensed such a terrifying lightning tribulation, Eleven and Buggy heaved a sigh of relief.

In fact, that was the case. Next, no matter what law phenomenon descended, even if two or three descended together, Eleven and Buggy directly helped Shi Yu block. Even if they were injured, they, who had special talent, wouldn’t be too heavily injured.

Soon, Eleven’s Chaos Divine Body reached small success. Its perfection was at least 30%.

At this point, Eleven could no longer increase its physique by resisting the nomological tribulation. It seemed to have reached a bottleneck.

In its place, Buggy carried the banner and didn’t refuse anyone.

In Buggy’s evolution space, there were imprints of lightning tribulation, wind tribulation, Exort Tribulation, Quas Tribulation, and various other law tribulations. It had imprints on all the law tribulations that the universe could send down since it was born.

If Buggy refined all of this in the future, it could be converted for its own use. Just as Ling had said, it was equivalent to a weakened version of the cosmic will.

Of course, for Buggy itself, it didn’t fancy these because these law tribulations couldn’t defeat Eleven!!

At this moment, the nomological phenomena gathered in the Tribulation Sea were about to end. Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief.

“It’s over. That’s it?” He looked at the Tribulation Sea and felt that the will of the universe was only so so. He felt that the probability of contracting the universe was even greater…

However, just as everyone thought that the lightning tribulation that exceeded

transcendent 11 was about to end, something unexpected happened.

Eleven and Buggy’s expressions also changed. Like Shi Yu, they felt that it was a little ridiculous.

After the law phenomenon, a figure was actually born in the Tribulation Sea.

He had a weak face and was covered in blood. On his weathered face, his gaze seemed to have crossed ancient times. Although there was no transcendent Yang phenomenon behind him, Shi Yu could clearly sense that the other party’s level realm was the same as his.

In other words, it should also have exceeded the realm of transcendent 11 and broken the limit of the super divine level.

“Who’s this guy?” Shi Yu didn’t understand, nor did the others watching. Even the Super Empress and the World King revealed puzzled expressions.

But soon, as the Tribulation Taker, Shi Yu seemed to resonate with the universe and knew what was going on.

The era they were in nowwas the 11th era.

In other words, before this, the universe had restarted a total of ten times.

Although in the 11th era, no one had reached the realm of transcendent 11 like Shi Yu, it wasn’t like there weren’t talented humans who had reached this realm in the first ten eras.