Chapter 1889 - Chapter 1889: The Boundaries Of Past And Present Life (1)

Chapter 1889: The Boundaries of Past and Present Life (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“What’s this?”

Time Sprite, also known as the Jade Rabbit Emperor?

Could these words be put together?

the Jade Rabbit was a Time Sprite???

“Coo.” The young Empress, who couldn’t read, had a puzzled expression as it asked Shi Yu what this was.

At this moment, Shi Yu ignored it and fell into deep thought.

He looked around, not knowing where to start.

Should he “strategically” dig up the tomb first?

However, before Shi Yu could attack…

There was a crack.

The tombstone cracked on its own.

A crack suddenly spread, scaring Shi Yu.

At the same time, Shi Yu felt as if ants were crawling in his heart, and his ears were ringing.

“Listen to the Voice of History.”

“Even now, I can still use this ability.”

Shi Yu had originally lost all his strength, including the ability to communicate telepathically, so he naturally lost some special archeological skills.

However, he didn’t expect that at this moment, in the face of “archeological ruins”, his special skill could still be activated.

He saw the shadow of history, or rather, the shadow of history that the tomb owner wanted him to see, which was the tomb owner’s message.

Firstly, Shi Yu saw a strange little elf fleeing in the universe in panic.

Then, they saw a panicked Moon Rabbit fleeing through the universe.

In the end, this Moon Rabbit came to Earth and built a tomb for itself.

At this moment, in the midst of the absent-minded archeology, Shi Yu seemed to have been able to cross space and time to talk to the other party’s traces with the sound of listening.

“Who are you?” Shi Yu asked.

“Hello, fated person.” Shi Yu seemed to have really heard the other party’s message.

“Firstly, let me introduce myself.”

“My initial race is the Time Sprite.”

“It’s a race that can travel through space and time and transmigrate time.”

“As my racial abilities are too rare, my battle power is extremely weak, causing me to become the prey of many experts.”

“In order to avoid the enemy, I can only escape everywhere.”

“In the end, I even chose to give up the power of the Time Sprite through reincarnation.”

“However, I didn’t expect that I would actually reincarnate into a rabbit and be captured to refine medicine.”

“Moreover, with my peerless talent, I actually refined a medicinal pill that can allow anyone to become a true immortal.”

“But this also caused me to become the target of covetous eyes again.”

“Many experts covet my ability and even want to lock me up permanently and let me refine medicine. Fortunately, during the refinement process, I refined a medicinal pill that awakened the ability of my previous life, recovered the power of space and time, and escaped again.”

“This experience…” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. Was the identity of this tomb owner so complicated?

Its initial race was a Time Sprite. Similar to Qi, it was also captured and then reincarnated, but it actually reincarnated into a rabbit with the talent to refine medicine. It was also captured and controlled, becoming a Jade Rabbit…

Only when it recovered the power of the Time Sprite could it escape again.

However, the other party should be stronger than Qi. After Qi reincarnated, it didn’t know anything. This Time Sprite had at least activated its alchemy talent.

The incident was far from over.

“These two experiences have made me angry. However, my physique is still not suitable for battle.”

“When I developed a medicinal pill to let the Time Sprite master its battle ability, the spiritual aura began to dry up. The worst thing happened. The universe was about to restart.”

“At this moment, even my spatial travel ability is sealed.”

“However, I won’t wait for death. In the last opportunity, I developed the Space-time Pill. It can allow my space-time attainments to temporarily reach the ‘cosmic level’, break through the seal, and transmigrate.”

“At this moment, I’ve decided to head to the next era to avoid the restart of the universe. This seems to be the direction many people are working hard in.”

“When you see this, I’ve already set off. Perhaps I succeeded, or perhaps I failed. Just in case, I built a tomb for myself first. Moreover, no matter what, I want to leave something for this space and time.”

“In this tomb, there’s my alchemy inheritance and the method to open the Space-time Dragon Vein and transmigrate space and time.”

“The fact that you can come here means that we’re fated. As long as you’re willing, you can inherit these. You just need to beat up the factions and names on the grudge book under my tombstone.”

“Well, of course, some of them are already dead, but it’s not a big problem. You can transmigrate into space and time, but let me remind you that the lifespan of the universe is not much now. If you want to transmigrate into space and time, the universe will accelerate death. When the main universe restarts, the parallel universe will also collapse. Therefore, when the time comes, you will definitely be wanted by the various large factions. You have to be careful.”

Shi Yu:

Shi Yu’s conversation with the historical message across space and time completely ended.

At that time, when Yu returned to his senses, he didn’t know how much time had passed.

At this moment, Shi Yu stood on the spot in a daze. He felt that he seemed to know something again.

“I didn’t expect that the ruins I wanted to explore in my previous life were actually the ruins of the Time Sprite.”

“This makes sense.”

“Why did the Empress master the talent to refine medicine? Why did I transmigrate to the Chi You era?”

“In my previous life on Earth, I definitely came to this ruin and obtained the inheritance. I gave the alchemy inheritance to the Empress, and I learned the method to control the Space-time Dragon Vein and transmigrated into space and time.”

“After transmigrating into space and time, ‘I’ entered the eyes of various experts. As the ‘inheritor’ of a peerless Time Sprite, I’m naturally one of the best candidates to be sent to the next era to carry out the Pyro Plan.”