Chapter 1887 - Chapter 1887: Fate (3)

Chapter 1887: Fate (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Even if he really cultivated it from scratch, he was confident that he could nurture a harmless rabbit into a super monster.

But now… he didn’t have the mood. How to go back and escape this dream was the most important thing.

Now that he had found the cultivation method, he might be able to explore some ruins that also had extraordinary power and see if he could trigger some mechanisms.

Moreover, Shi Yu looked at the rabbit.

He also had a baffling feeling that his transmigration this time might be related to this rabbit.

Shi Yu believed that his memory wasn’t bad. He remembered some things clearly even when he was young, but he had actually forgotten everything about adopting a rabbit that happened not long before the mountain collapsed. He needed to see it and be reminded by his teacher to remember. It was too abnormal.

Perhaps it was also a key clue?

At that moment, Shi Yu, who had already forgotten a lot of his memories and had completely forgotten what he was doing before entering, thought hard and analyzed.

However, Shi Yu, who had awakened the contract method, felt very strange.

If his previous life had also awakened his Beast Taming Ability under the guidance of his teacher, wouldn’t that mean that he mainly cultivated the Beast Taming Contract system in his previous life and current life?

This could also be considered fate… He was destined to be a Beast Tamer.

That day, Shi Yu returned alone with the rabbit.

Regardless of whether it was allowed to become a spirit after the founding of the country, Shi Yu carried this rabbit spirit with him.

After confirming that Shi Yu was awakened, Teacher Shang Qiu was relieved. There was an explanation for what had happened to Shi Yu recently.

The reason why he wasn’t crushed to death by the mountain collapse was definitely because he had awakened some potential in an unexpected situation and resisted the danger. The pain in his brain was most likely because the contract method was a spiritual divine power.

Be it Shang Qiu or Granny Shu, they let Shi Yu rest well when he returned. They weren’t in a hurry to casually get him to make a contract.

However, Shi Yu didn’t care so much. If he was obedient, he wouldn’t be Shi Yu. After he returned, he directly pulled the rabbit up and said, “Do you want to sign a contract with me?”

“After the contract is over, I’ll take you to explore the ruins. It’s exciting.”

Rabbit:

“Coo, coo!!” The rabbit struggled, indicating that it wanted to watch animes. Its two ears kept shaking.

“If you don’t contract or explore the ruins with me, I won’t show you animes.”

Rabbit:

“Coo! Coo!”

In the end, the rabbit submitted to Shi Yu’s might. Shi Yu chuckled and condensed a prismatic mark that fused into the rabbit spirit’s body.

“It’s beneficial to both parties. Don’t resist and don’t be nervous.”

Under the rabbit spirit’s aggrieved gaze, Shi Yu directly contracted it. In the next moment, the contract mark fused, and the contract between the two parties was completed!

At this moment, Shi Yu immediately sensed that his physical fitness had received feedback, especially his mental strength.

However, as his mental strength increased, what stunned Shi Yu even more was that his brain began to hurt again.

The intense pain this time had another explanation. After he contracted this rabbit, as Shi Yu had guessed, this rabbit was indeed the key to him accidentally entering this unknown world.

A forgotten memory gradually appeared.

White-robed Lily, Black-robed Empress, Super Empress, a rabbit, Cosmic Sea crisis, a contract, charging to the cosmic level…

Shi Yu suddenly recalled a pile of forgotten memories. He was drenched in sweat and had a splitting headache.

“Ah…” With a low roar, Shi Yu panted and froze on the spot.

He looked at the shocked rabbit spirit… No, he was the one who was shocked.

“I remember.”

“I remember everything.”

“Not long ago, I should have established a contract with the Empress to try to break through to the cosmic level.”

“So, did it succeed or fail? Why did I come to such a place?”

“Moreover…”

At this moment, Shi Yu’s balls hurt as he looked at the little white rabbit.

“Don’t tell me you…”

“Coo, coo?”

Looking at the confused little white rabbit, Shi Yu was a little nervous. Very nervous, in fact.

Damn, is this white rabbit the Super Empress?

Did I also contract the Super Empress in my previous life?

The Super Empress was my pet to begin with?

Most importantly, on our first meeting, I actually tried to eat the Super Empress?

After recalling everything, Shi Yu connected some of the memories that appeared when he first contracted the Super Empress to all his current memories and deduced a fact that made his balls hurt.

Regardless of whether he had contracted the Empress like he was now in his previous life, it was worth affirming that the Empress definitely knew him in the lost memories.

“I contracted the rabbit and successfully recovered my memories with the Empress. This means that this rabbit is most likely the Empress. However, I’ve recovered my memories and even completed the contract. Why can’t I go back?” Shi Yu was confused.

“Coo, coo? (Animes?)” The rabbit suspected to be the Super Empress asked.

Shi Yu felt depressed.

Ancestor, stop talking.

It’s annoying.

If I knew more about your dark childhood history, even if the contract was completed and I returned, you would have to kill me.

In short, if the Super Empress was really a contracted beast from his previous life, Shi Yu felt that he had definitely angered and embarrassed her.

What a sin.

“Let’s see on the way. I want to go somewhere now,” Shi Yu said with a deep breath.

Rabbit:

“I have to go.” Because just now, he remembered everything.