Chapter 1880 - Chapter 1880: Charging Towards The Cosmic Level (2)

Chapter 1880: Charging Towards the Cosmic Level (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The reason why Buggy could become a cosmic race was mainly because of the external power of the Queen’s bloodline.

Even the fake Green Dragon bloodline was secondary.

“Are you satisfied?” After a week, the Empress’s state had become much weaker. Even as a cosmic level, it wasn’t easy for her to constantly pester Shi Yu with medicine.

Just as she said, it consumed a lot of strength.

Obviously, strengthening Shi Yu and the other strange pets one by one wasn’t easy even for the cosmic level.

Just like the skill index, a cosmic level could nurture a peak super divine, but it couldn’t nurture an existence at the same cosmic level.

“Thank you,” Shi Yu said. “According to the law of Pokémon subjugation, the weaker the state, the easier it is to contract.”

“What nonsense are you talking about again?” the Super Empress said.

What nonsense was this?

However, although she didn’t understand at the start, the Empress understood at the end.

If a Beast Tamer wanted to contract a pet, the worse the pet’s condition, the higher the success rate of the contract.

Although she felt that the contract between Shi Yu and her wouldn’t reduce the difficulty much, it was better than nothing.

“If you’re ready, let’s contract it as soon as possible.”

She looked outside the mystic realm and said, “I still don’t know how long the contract will take. The Dark King and the Beastmaster are constantly corroding the barrier…”

“We have to complete the contract before they break the barrier, be it success or failure.”

“Well, in an hour, I’ll adjust my state…”

Soon, an hour passed.

At this moment, Shi Yu meditated calmly and adjusted his condition to its optimal state.

In the Beast Taming Space, Eleven and the others also became active. They knew that Shi Yu was about to contract the Empress and break through to the cosmic level.

After Shi Yu reached the cosmic level, the entire team felt good.

At that time, Shi Yu would carry out his cosmic cultivation plan and separate all his Beast Taming Talents to permanently give them to his pets.

At that time, every pet would have hope at the cosmic level.

Unlike now, it was extremely difficult to nurture a cosmic race.

“Shi Yu…”

However, just as the entire team was cheering for Shi Yu, Qi suddenly spoke eagerly.

“I have a bad feeling. Can we not contract it?”

“Oh?” Shi Yu said, “What’s wrong? What did you discover?”

Shi Yu recovered from his meditation and asked Qi.

“No… I just have a bad feeling. I don’t know what’s going on,” Qi said.

“This…” Shi Yu was stunned. A bad feeling?

He naturally didn’t suspect that Qi was talking nonsense, but at this juncture.

“Do you feel anything?” Shi Yu asked the other pets.

“Wu wu wu?” Eleven and the others revealed puzzled expressions and shook their heads.

“No, but Qi’s feeling is worth looking into,” Ling said. “Qi, can you work hard to sense what’s wrong?”

“I just feel that there might be risks in this contract, but I don’t know what’s going on,” Qi said.

“Ahhh, I can’t say for sure. Perhaps I’m overthinking.”

“In short, Shi Yu, you have to be careful when you contract it.”

“The risk can’t come from the Empress. It’s not a problem for her. In other words, if there’s really a risk, it will definitely come from contracting above her level. But logically speaking, in the current situation, even if the contract is difficult, it shouldn’t exceed the extremely low probability of adding too many points.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought, but he still couldn’t think of anything.

But no matter what, a contract had to be followed through. After all, he had already promised the Empress. Moreover, if he didn’t break through to the cosmic level, the Dark King and the Beastmaster would come. The pressure on the Cosmic Sea was too great.

Firstly, the Empress was willing to fight the Dark King for her own sake.

And if she couldn’t become the holder of the universe, there was no need for the Empress to protect the Cosmic Sea. She might even ignore him.

At that time, if the Dark King came looking for him, what was the point of fighting?

Even if he could run, it was impossible for him to bring his family and the entire Blue Planet to hide.

Therefore, the only solution was to break through to the cosmic level and crush the Dark King.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry, I’ll succeed.”

“After all, with Ling around. Come, Lady Luck, give me a luck buff!”

“Oh.” Ling sighed. No matter how it thought about it, her luck buff couldn’t reach the cosmic level.

However, Ling still sent the Wind Blessing to Shi Yu’s side. Apart from that, it was more of its sincere wish that Shi Yu could reach the cosmic level.

After all, she was born “to make Shi Yu stronger and better”.

“Wu!!” “Mi!!” Then, under the cheers of the entire team, Shi Yu took a deep breath and walked out to find the Empress.

At that moment, the Empress was still standing at the edge of the pavilion in the sky, looking at the sky. It was unknown what she was thinking.

When Shi Yu came looking for her, the Empress’s human form had already disappeared. There was only a big white rabbit standing there.

“Let’s begin.” She didn’t say anything and looked at Shi Yu.

“Come.” Shi Yu took a second deep breath. Although this wasn’t the first time he had contracted a pet, why was he so nervous this time?

Contracting a cosmic level above his level…

The opportunity to break through to the cosmic level…

“Then I’ll start.” Shi Yu didn’t say anything else. He closed his eyes and muttered in meditation.

So be it. Let’s get started!

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the Beast Taming Space in his brain.

It was a star domain with more than ten stars and eleven suns.

On every star, there was the figure of a pet staring at Shi Yu. It was Eleven and the others.

If everything went smoothly, they would have one more neighbor.

Hu hu hu

As Shi Yu communicated with the Beast Taming Space, a breeze blew outside, and the grass swayed.

Countless light spots flickered Blink in front of Shi Yu. Two contract arrays that looked like star maps with eleven suns hanging at the edge appeared above the Empress and under her feet.

In the next second, countless weak light spots flowed out of the formation. The light spots that were like suns wrapped around the Empress’s main body, as if they wanted to envelop and cover her!

At this moment, time seemed to have stopped.

Shi Yu had once contracted every pet and succeeded instantly, putting them into the Beast Taming Space.

However, this contract above his level had indeed taught Shi Yu a lesson.

In an instant, he felt a huge pressure.

The previous contract was as simple as taming a little white rabbit. It was easy to control.

But now, what he clearly wanted to contract was a real little white rabbit. The feeling it gave Shi Yu was like facing a ferocious beast king, even if the Empress didn’t have any intention of resisting.

Large beads of sweat flowed down Shi Yu’s forehead.

“It has to succeed.”

“At this point, how can we stop before the cosmic level!”

Shi Yu’s consciousness became more and more blurry. He even felt that he had heard the voices of the Empress and his pets, but he could no longer hear the specific content.

Pain, fatigue, dizziness, weakness…

Various complicated perceptions appeared on Shi Yu’s body. Shi Yu had no idea what was going on.

However, as time passed, Shi Yu finally felt better.

A wisp of light appeared in his vision. He slowly opened his eyes and felt the relief in his body. He was overjoyed. Success?

However, as a voice sounded, Shi Yu was clearly stunned.

“The surgery looks very successful. Look, the patient is already awake.”

As Shi Yu opened his eyes, they were filled with disbelief.

Because at this moment, he was lying in a modern ward. Beside him, a doctor and an old man were looking at him and talking.

“Little Yu, you’re finally awake.” The old man was very excited to see Shi Yu.

“You brat, I told you to be disobedient and run around the mountain yourself. Fortunately, the rescue team came in time and saved you from the stone pile. Otherwise, you would have lost your life!”

“Cough, cough.” The doctor beside him coughed dryly. The old man reacted and said, “Let’s not talk about it anymore. How do you feel? If you feel unwell, tell the doctor.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Teacher??” Shi Yu was stunned. Wasn’t this the old man who taught him non-mainstream archeology in his previous life on Earth?

“It hurts, it hurts.” A heart-wrenching pain woke Shi Yu up. He was stunned.

Mountain, stone pile, teacher, hospital…

Damn, what was going on?

Was he dreaming, or had he transmigrated back???