Chapter 1888 - Chapter 1888: Fate (4)

Chapter 1888: Fate (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Apart from the memories of the Super Empress, there were also some memories of his previous life that he had forgotten after transmigrating.

Of course, it didn’t mean the memories after the mountain collapsed.

Instead, it was the memories after adopting the white rabbit.

After adopting the white rabbit, Shi Yu was suddenly very interested in the rabbit.

Therefore, after he checked the ancient books, he discovered a ruin that might be related to the legendary Jade Rabbit, so he wanted to explore it.

In the end, the mountain collapsed and directly crushed him.

In addition, he recalled what Teacher Shang Qiu had said just now. The ruins he had explored were indeed related to the Jade Rabbit. This made Shi Yu even more certain.

This ruin might be the next key point.

There was no other reason than that the ability of the Super Empress was too similar to the Jade Rabbit. He even teased the Empress by guessing that she might be the Jade Rabbit.

But from the looks of it, the Super Empress was clearly a not very smart little white rabbit.

But why was the ability of the Super Empress so similar to the Jade Rabbit and even had the talent to smash medicine?

Perhaps Shi Yu could find some clues in this ruin. Since he had undergone some changes after contracting the little white rabbit, perhaps he could push the progress again if he found the mystery of the Empress’s power next.

“Interesting.” Shi Yu was suddenly full of energy.

However, the face of the young Empress beside him fell, and it couldn’t say anything.

It wanted to see animes!

Two days later.

Shi Yu appeared near the ruins of the collapsed mountain in his previous life.

Because of the previous disaster, this place had already been sealed.

Although they had confirmed that there were ancient ruins here, before eliminating the danger, the other archeological teams didn’t dare to enter rashly.

Shi Yu brought the little white rabbit and secretly crossed the blockade all the way into the main area.

“Be careful.” Shi Yu didn’t want to be buried again, so he warned the rabbit. “I’ve played animes for you in the car for so long. When I encounter danger later, you have to save me.”

Rabbit:

What?

After they signed the contract, the rabbit could sense Shi Yu’s thoughts even more. As it had established an equality contract, the big white rabbit’s impression of Shi Yu improved a little. In fact, none of this mattered. Shi Yu only hoped that it didn’t remember any grudge of almost being eaten.

“Coo, coo?”

Along the way, apart from watching cartoons, Shi Yu also taught the little white rabbit how to use psychic power.

It was unknown if the other party was talented or if Shi Yu had taught it well. Its learning speed was simply the best batch of pets Shi Yu had ever seen. It was so outstanding compared to Buggy at that time.

In just a day or two, witohut even using any nutritional resources, the rabbit relied on nibbling on carrots to practice to the point where it could sense with psychic power.

At this moment, after sensing the nearby situation, the young Empress suddenly reminded Shi Yu.

Underground!

The ground not far away was empty. There was another ruin underground!

Shi Yu:

“Oh.” Shi Yu was stunned. “As expected, I didn’t teach you for nothing. You’ve made a huge contribution.”

“However, I didn’t bring any tools. How do I dig down?”

“Why don’t you know Instant Transmission?”

Rabbit: “?”

“I’m just kidding. Sense if there are any mechanisms to enter.”

“Coo, coo.” The Empress’s young face turned bitter. Why don’t Shi Yu teach her Instant Transmission?

“You’re the boss, so rest first.” Shi Yu didn’t dare to squeeze too much out of the rabbit, afraid that the Empress would also recover her memories and bear a grudge.

After a while, the rabbit successfully found a secret passage that led to the underground ruins through its psychic perception.

Shi Yu and the others carefully opened it and entered. They arrived at a place that looked like an ancient tomb or a cave.

However, after going deeper, Shi Yu was stunned.

Because this was really a f*cking tomb.

Moreover, what was extremely ridiculous was the words on the tombstone. What the hell?

Tomb of the Time Sprite, Also the Jade Rabbit Empress, Revered Above All