Chapter 1886 - Chapter 1886: Fate (2)

Chapter 1886: Fate (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Before the recovery of spiritual energy, our immortal stone was actually an ordinary rare stone. There was nothing special about it, but some time ago, something unexpected happened.”

“I only entered the sect because of this stone. Unfortunately, apart from an old woman like me, the aptitude of the others in our family isn’t very good.” She shook her head.

“As I expected, soon, other talented humans will also awaken their cultivation talent one after another and have abilities like superpowers. On this point, because humans’ bodies are too complicated, there are many slower animals and plants. Therefore, it’s nothing to let you come into contact with the immortal stone and see if you can cultivate in advance. After all, it’s inevitable.”

“It’s always good to be a step faster than others. In the next unknown world, everyone can help each other.”

“There’s actually such a stone.” Shang Qiu sighed. “Why can’t I get such a good thing…”

“This wasn’t dug up. It was passed down from our ancestors.”

Shi Yu listened to both parties and gradually fell into deep thought.

So the other party relied on props to cultivate. He wondered…

After Shi Yu thanked Granny Shu, both him and Shang Qiu carried out the test.

Unfortunately, Teacher Shang Qiu didn’t detect any cultivation aptitude. Regarding this, Granny Shu was extremely regretful. Being unable to cultivate meant that Shang Qiu’s lifespan had a limit. At that time, she might have to send away old friends one after another.

Although he couldn’t cultivate himself, Shang Qiu was still optimistic. He smiled indifferently and said, “It’s just that I can’t accomplish it at the start. It’s nothing. Even in the current novels, aren’t there ways to ‘change fate’ the day after tomorrow?”

“Perhaps there’s still a chance in the future. Little Yu, quickly give it a try. If you can cultivate, don’t forget me and get me some natural treasures.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

Shi Yu estimated that his shameless personality must have been more or less affected by his teacher’s teaching.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. He looked at the white immortal stone in front of him and walked forward to come into contact.

At that time, when Shi Yu touched the white immortal stone with both hands, the next moment, the immortal stone began to crazily absorb the already thin spiritual energy of heaven and earth from its surroundings. Soon, through the immortal stone, Shi Yu felt a force surge into his body.

He, who hadn’t cultivated successfully previously, instantly felt endless motivation in his body.

Boom!

The messy airflow circled around Shi Yu, stunning Shang Qiu and Granny Shu.

“Yes.”

“He really has cultivation aptitude!”

After discovering this scene, Granny Shu was shocked and said, “And this posture…”

As Shi Yu came into contact with the immortal stone, the changes around him became greater and greater. Not only was there wind howling, but even space was a little distorted.

Boom!

Soon, Shi Yu was rather incredulous. His palm separated from the immortal stone, and a colorless and transparent prismatic mark appeared out of thin air in front of him.

Upon seeing this mark, Shi Yu was even more surprised.

However, Granny Shu was even more surprised than him. At this moment, she had a shocked expression.

“How is this possible?” Seeing this scene, she exclaimed.

“What’s wrong, what’s going on?” Shang Qiu asked.

Grandma Shu said, “The first time he came into contact with an immortal stone, he should have only vaguely caught a cultivation method. Why did he immediately have results?”

“This mark is… a contract mark!”

“He has the talent to contract demon beasts, and his talent is probably very powerful. He actually entered the sect without cultivating much and cultivated a contract mark.”

“I wasn’t wrong. This divine power was recorded in detail in Jin Cen’s ‘Mutated Beast Record’. Have you forgotten?”

“Mutated Beast Record?” Upon hearing the other party’s words, Teacher Shang Qiu carefully observed Shi Yu’s current situation and seemed to have recalled something. He was slightly surprised.

Wait a minute, he had even said previously that Shi Yu had talent in “Beast Taming”. In the end, it was really in this aspect??

“Coo, coo.” At this moment, the rabbit spirit looked at the prismatic mark condensed by Shi Yu with a wary expression.

“Good lord.” Of course, for Shi Yu, this feeling was a little strange. He was actually not unfamiliar with this prismatic mark. Wasn’t it the contract method of this era?

He had come into contact with it while researching the Chi You Ruins with Senior Panda.

However, Shi Yu was suddenly stunned. His head hurt again. He felt that he should have forgotten something again. Apart from the Chi You Ruins, he should have come into contact with and used this contract method elsewhere, but why couldn’t he remember anything?

Shi Yu grabbed the contract mark and destroyed it. He took a deep breath and said, “The consumption is a little high.”

“Good observation.” At this moment, Granny Shu said in surprise, “Little Shang, your student is really not bad.”

“No wonder you brought a Demon Rabbit. Looks like you’ve long expected it.”

“However, the power of the Beast Taming Technique depends on the beast. Compared to other cultivators, this rabbit’s main body is weak. Would contracting a Demon Rabbit be…”

In other words, if he knew the cultivation system, it would be a loss to contract a Demon Rabbit.

Even if he couldn’t control a Demon Tiger, the king of beasts, getting a Demon Dog contract was better than a Demon Rabbit, right?

This kind of rabbit spirit’s battle power was no different from an ordinary flower pet cat. No, cats could at least catch rats, but rabbits…

The rabbit spirit frowned. It felt like someone was looking down on it.

It couldn’t help but let out a dissatisfied “coo coo”.

“No, my rabbit is very strong.” Shi Yu smiled. As a powerful Beast Tamer, even without the skill index, his mind was filled with countless Beast Taming knowledge.