Chapter 1883 - Chapter 1883: Let Me Back (3)

Chapter 1883: Let Me Back (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“At that time, various cultivators, such as immortals, cultivators, demons, and gods, will also appear in the world again.”

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat.

Wait a minute.

At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly thought of a possibility.

In this world, regardless of whether it was true or false, did it have memories that he had forgotten?!

According to his deduction, after he transmigrated, because the weight of a portion of his memories was too heavy, it couldn’t transmigrate with him.

Therefore, he could only intercept the memories of the mortal stage.

For example, there were no transcendent memories.

According to his deduction, after the mountain collapsed, he indeed didn’t directly transmigrate, but had a forgotten memory.

Was what he was experiencing now that forgotten memory?

Perhaps the memories weren’t deleted, but just sealed? Was it just in the memory world now?

At the thought of this, Shi Yu’s heart suddenly skipped a beat. He believed his teacher’s words. Earth definitely had extraordinary power.

At this moment, Shi Yu wanted to continue exploring, but the constantly blurry memories after transmigrating made Shi Yu a little afraid.

“I believe you,” Shi Yu said to his teacher.

Shang Qiu didn’t expect Shi Yu to accept it so quickly. He laughed out loud and said, “As expected of you, kid. I wasn’t wrong about you.”

“However, I still have a lot to say. Listen slowly.”

“According to the records of my family’s ancient books, it’s said that this universe has lifespan.”

“And the time period we’re in now is the end of our lifespan.”

“At this stage, the universe will decline, and various mythical and legendary powers will be suppressed. Cultivators have no choice but to sleep. Therefore, there are no longer extraordinary powers on Earth.”

“However, close to death, the universe will still have one final moment before death.”

“During this final stage, spiritual energy will revive on a large scale. It will be the last celebration for cultivators. After all, for the universe, a short final moments might be in the blink of an eye, but for ordinary people like us, even legendary cultivators, there might still be a million or ten million years. It’s enough.”

“We’re currently in the context of such a large world.”

Shi Yu took a deep breath and looked at the old man. Who exactly was Shang Qiu? He actually knew so much.

Why didn’t he see that Shang Qiu was so impressive in the first place?

Shang Qiu’s family was probably ancient. He felt that it should be related to that Heavenly Court.

“After the recovery of spiritual energy, apart from some cultivators who will wake up, it’s said that some people with special physiques will also awaken some special abilities.”

“I suspect that you’re in a waiting state, which is why your body is abnormal.”

“It encountered such a dangerous thing, but it’s ‘unscathed’. Moreover, there’s an abnormality in its brain that can’t be verified by modern medicine. It’s probably a good thing,” Shang Qiu said.

“The old friend I mentioned previously is also from a cultivator family. Although it’s desolate now, it was once glorious. The other party was the one who told me about the recovery of spiritual energy. I’ll take you to her to take a look at the situation. The problem with your body might be able to be resolved. At least, it won’t be like now, where you’re blind. After all, the other party has already become a legendary cultivator.”

Shi Yu: !!!

However, this wasn’t the key now.

If there were no side effects to his body at this moment and if he knew the exact way to leave this place, Shi Yu would happily slowly experience this lost memory with the other party.

But now…

“Or should I say that recovering all my lost memories is the method to awaken? However, from my deduction, every time I recover a little of my lost memories, the memories after transmigrating will be a little blurry and forgotten.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

If he had to choose, he would rather not have the memories before he transmigrated than to lose the memories of interacting with Eleven and the others.

However, this wasn’t a matter of whether he could choose. The problem was that he had no choice now.

Soon, Shi Yu decided not to choose.

He planned to take it one step at a time.

“Even if I really forget my memories after transmigrating, as long as I can escape this dream, there’s no problem.”

“Susu can replicate my forgotten memories after transmigrating through the memory water drop and awaken my forgotten memories.”

“I still have a group of pets. Even if I can’t find a way to escape the dream, they will definitely work hard to wake me up when they discover my abnormality.”

“I’m just a weak Beast Tamer. It’s better to leave such a headache to my pet to solve.”

Shi Yu actually let it go.

He directly chose to believe in his pets and believe in his connection with them.

He had already forgotten many things and couldn’t remember many things.

For example, he couldn’t remember the name of the first Beast Tamer he and Eleven defeated.

For example, in the National League, he couldn’t remember the name of his opponent’s pet.

For example, he couldn’t remember how many times he had squeezed Teacher Gem Cat dry.

This feeling of gradually forgetting his memories made Shi Yu feel very stifled. Fortunately, at the moment, they were all unimportant memories. He still remembered the key memories of his pets clearly.

“I’ll go with you. However, can I go home to take a look first? I keep feeling that I forgot something and have to go back,” Shi Yu said as he scratched his head.

“Alright, sure.” Upon hearing that, Shang Qiu nodded.

The car drove quickly.

After an unknown period of time, they finally arrived at Shi Yu’s house.