Chapter 1885 - Chapter 1885: Fate (1)

Chapter 1885: Fate (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Stop watching the show. Follow me. I’ll play it for you on my cell phone.”

Shi Yu glanced at the television and saw that after the title “The Final Battle”, it was time to review the situation. In a “Beast Taming Duel”, a certain silly thing’s fire-element drake was smashed, causing the competition to lose.

After knowing what the rabbit was watching, Shi Yu directly went forward and pulled it up.

The rabbit spirit was very angry. After being pulled up, it wanted to resist.

However, after approaching it, Shi Yu knew that this rabbit wasn’t very strong.

In terms of strength, it might be equivalent to an “awakening-level” creature.

Even if he had the physique of an ordinary person now, he could easily subdue the other party with his rich battle experience and psychic EXP.

Seeing Shi Yu easily subdue a rabbit who had become a spirit, Teacher Shang Qiu was shocked.

Damn, why didn’t he realize that Shi Yu was so bold previously? Alright, he was probably also just as bold previously.

“There’s no reversal, but this isn’t the final outcome. Don’t worry, I’ll find more shows for you to watch later,” Shi Yu said.

The rabbit spirit was stunned.

“You can communicate with it??” Teacher Shang Qiu asked in surprise.

Could this rabbit understand what Shi Yu was saying?

“Erm.” Shi Yu was also subconsciously stunned. “I’m used to it.”

With telepathy, he was used to communicating with pets directly and forgot that he didn’t have any extraordinary power in the current situation.

However, when Shi Yu looked down at the rabbit spirit, he realized that it seemed to understand.

It was unknown if Shi Yu’s language ability was maxed out or the other party’s intelligence was maxed out.

“Coo, coo!!” The rabbit spirit expressed that it wanted to see the real outcome.

At this moment, Shi Yu instantly knew what the other party meant.

He agreed, but he muttered in his heart, ‘By the time you watch the finale of this anime, you might have already learn to speak.’

Some animes seemed to have ended, but as long as the author wanted to write, the anime could still continue for 1,000 episodes.

“That’s it?”

At that moment, when he saw the rabbit spirit obediently being tamed by Shi Yu and becoming obedient, Teacher Shang Qiu clicked his tongue in wonder again.

He didn’t expect Shi Yu to have the talent of “Beast Taming”.

In myths and legends, there was also a considerable number of big shots who were expert in this field and had one or more powerful demon pets as helpers.

“Teacher, let’s go,” Shi Yu said. He could meet the familiar face the other party mentioned.

He wanted to see how the other party successfully cultivated.

In the car just now, Shi Yu tried to meditate to recover his strength. Even if he cultivated again, he failed.

It was as if there was also a reason why the spiritual energy of heaven and earth was insufficient after being suppressed by the laws of the world.

Soon, in the car.

“What are you doing?” The teacher driving asked when he saw Shi Yu frowning.

“No, no.”

Shi Yu had failed in his cultivation again. He was very speechless.

“By the way, Teacher, what’s the situation over at the ruins I’m exploring?”

“The mountain over there is very dangerous, but when the rescue team went to save you, they discovered some special places. That place might be related to the ‘Jade Rabbit’, but don’t think about it. The most important thing now is to understand your situation.”

“Oh, oh.” Shi Yu nodded. He kept feeling that he had forgotten some key information.

He looked at the white rabbit beside him… The Jade Rabbit… Did he explore the ruins because of it?

Next, Teacher Shang Qiu brought Shi Yu to the residence of his old friend.

During this process, Shi Yu couldn’t help but marvel at how real this world was. Everything he saw along the way was built extremely realistic.

This even gave Shi Yu the illusion that this was really reality and that he had really transmigrated back.

However, there was no reason.

His existence in the next era was the result of the joint efforts of a bunch of cosmic-level big shots, who considered him as the torchbearer.

However, what was the principle behind his transmigration back to this era?

“We’re here.” As Shi Yu was conflicted along the way, he finally arrived at the house of Teacher Shang Qiu’s old friend, who was also a rich woman.

Living in a rather large independent villa, when Shi Yu and Shang Qiu came to visit, a maid was in charge of opening the door.

Then, Shi Yu and the others saw an old granny in luxurious clothes.

The old granny was noble and extremely energetic. She held a walking stick, but her legs weren’t weak at all.

“You’re here,” she said.

“Sister Shu, this is my student.”

“Yes, there’s also an awakened rabbit?” The old woman was slightly surprised to see Shi Yu and the rabbit beside his feet.

“Hello, Senior,” Shi Yu said.

“There’s no need to be reserved,” the old granny said. “I’ve already heard about you. Perhaps you’ll be lucky to survive a disaster. Little Shang, you came at the right time. You guys should check together.”

“Me too?” Shang Qiu was stunned.

“Yes,” Granny Shu said. “Aren’t you curious how I successfully cultivated?”

“Of course I’m curious, but if you don’t say, I won’t ask,” Shang Qiu said.

“We’re all from the ancient family. At this moment, I won’t hide anymore,” Granny Shu said. “My family has an immortal stone passed down from my ancestors.”

“This immortal stone is called ‘Immortal Guidance’.”

“Its effect is also very magical. It can detect the talent aptitude of the people it comes into contact with, test if they have the potential to cultivate, and guide them in the right direction.”