Chapter 1884 - Chapter 1884: Let Me Back (4)

Chapter 1884: Let Me Back (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Under Shi Yu’s invitation, Shang Qiu and Shi Yu entered the house together.

Just as he entered, Shi Yu cursed.

“Moon in the Earth?!” Singing voices came from the living room television. Shi Yu was stunned. He didn’t turn off the television when he went out?

He lived alone.

However, when he went deeper, he discovered an extremely ridiculous scene.

A snow-white rabbit was actually lying on the sofa and watching cartoons on television.

Shi Yu:

Shi Yu felt a sharp pain in his brain again, as if he had recalled something, but he didn’t completely remember it.

“Holy shit.” Seeing this scene, Teacher Shang Qiu, who followed in, also spoke.

At this moment, the rabbit didn’t react when it saw someone enter and continued watching the television.

“Wh-what’s going on?” Shi Yu said.

He tried to remember.

At this moment, Shang Qiu said, “Is this the rabbit you picked up?”

“Has it become a spirit?”

Picked up… That rabbit?

Under the pain in Shi Yu’s brain, memories appeared.

during the last archeological activity…

He passed by the thorny forest and was just about to sit down and rest for a while when he discovered a fat and white rabbit in the swaying grass.

From the looks of it, its leg was injured and it couldn’t run.

Initially, Shi Yu wanted to have an additional meal, but something strange happened. He had already boiled hot water and set up the fire. He was just about to heat it up and roast it, but who knew that this rabbit could also act cute?

After seeing the rabbit act cute aggrievedly, Shi Yu was moved and made do with a fish.

He helped this rabbit bandage its wound and found something for it to eat. Then, he originally wanted to let it go, but who knew that this rabbit would still rely on him?

Just like that, Shi Yu, who was already bored, simply brought it along.

Shi Yu didn’t expect to be able to raise it either, but now, looking at the rabbit that had become fat and even took the initiative to watch television, Shi Yu was stunned.

He looked at the messy house and knew that it must have searched through everything in the house.

Otherwise, with the food reserves he had prepared for the rabbit after he was hospitalized for so many days, the rabbit would most likely starve to death.

“Unbelievable.”

“Could this be the so-called animal awakening after the ‘revival of spiritual energy’?”

Shang Qiu said, “Kid, what kind of luck is this? You casually picked up a rabbit, and it’s actually an animal with talent and potential to transform into a ‘demon’.”

“Oh no, it won’t suddenly attack us, right? The two of us, an old man and a patient who has just been discharged from the hospital, definitely can’t defeat a ‘demon’. Don’t tell me it’ll eat us.” Shang Qiu was shocked.

Shi Yu was also shocked.

He was also shocked. After all, he had wanted to roast the rabbit previously. He was just one step away from eating the rabbit.

If this rabbit remembered anything and bore grudges more deeply, it was really hard to say what it would do next.

However, fortunately, this rabbit was currently obsessed with cartoons.

As it watched the animation, it actually used its psychic power to control a few cabbage leaves from the kitchen and ate them as snacks.

“Is it an ability that has awakened its mental strength?” Shang Qiu said when he saw this. “Looking at the swaying cabbage leaves, it’s not very proficient in controlling them. Well, its battle power shouldn’t be that scary.”

Shi Yu said, “I think I roughly know why I want to return. I actually forgot about this guy and completely forgot that I even adopted a rabbit.”

He had completely forgotten this adoption experience. Even his memories after transmigrating didn’t have it. It was very vague.

“I’m relieved to see that it’s fine. However, there shouldn’t be any rules in the country not to adopt a creature that has awakened its superpower, right?”

Shang Qiu fell into deep thought and said, “There are indeed not many relevant rules now, but it’s good as long as you don’t cause any trouble. Next, such transcendent creatures shouldn’t be rare, and we don’t have that much personal strength to control them all.”

“But no matter what, if you want to raise it, it’s better to bring it along to watch over and educate it.”

“Well, bring it to my old friend too.”

“Can you still order it around now?”

“I’ll give it a try.” Shi Yu took a deep breath and slowly took a few steps forward. “Rabbit, rabbit?”

The white rabbit shook its head and looked at Shi Yu with its red eyes. What was it? Don’t disturb it from watching the finale!