Chapter 1881 - Chapter 1881: Let Me Back (1)

Chapter 1881: Let Me Back (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The memories were like a horse looking at flowers as it relived them.

He, Shi Yu, was an orphan.

He had grown up in an orphanage and didn’t know who his parents were.

However, the genes of both parties should be alright. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so handsome.

Under the nurturing of the country, primary school, junior high school, high school, university…

Although he didn’t have any dazzling results, he still entered an unknown hundred-year-old ancient school.

And because of his personal preferences, he applied for the archeological profession.

When it came to studies and work, as long as he wasn’t a noob and liked to play, as long as he had some talent, he would do well.

Shi Yu, who was a little smart and witty, quickly stood out.

However, what awaited him wasn’t to get the scholarship so easily or to graduate perfectly to find a job in the light. Instead, it was another beautiful path of no return. He was led away by an old professor in the university. Shi Yu followed him to various places to do archeology.

In fact, Shi Yu was originally a proper archeological student. He learned proper knowledge.

However, it was precisely because he had come into contact with this old professor that the other party got Shi Yu to study a special mythical system with him. That was why Shi Yu took the detour and changed his profession to a Mythical Scholar.

It would be fine if it was a proper Mythical Scholar.

However, what this old professor studied was either wild history myths that had never been heard of on the market or legends that were regarded as rumors by others at a glance. In short, it didn’t look like it could earn money at a glance.

However, the content was interesting, so Shi Yu still fell into it.

Moreover, it wasn’t really not profitable. Although he didn’t know how to sell it, some mythical archeological information could really be sold for a high price. Shi Yu received a lot of money from his teacher.

The other party said that a group of old-timers and rich people liked this kind of thing.

Therefore, Shi Yu had bought a house and car at a young age. Although he had bought it with a loan, he could be said to be young and promising.

Of course, the house was only a small house in a remote suburb, not in the cities. He couldn’t afford to buy an expensive house in the cities. In a few more years, he wouldn’t even be able to afford a toilet.

In short, after that, Shi Yu started. It looked like archeology, but it was actually a path of no return to investigate various mythical ruins.

From being an assistant with the old professor at the start to flying solo and exploring on his own… After all, old people had weak legs and couldn’t run around 365 days a year.

In Shi Yu’s previous life, he was far from as weak as now.

Among them, be it the Taiji Ruins or the Green Dragon Ruins, in Shi Yu’s impression, they were all explored at this stage.

In the end, it was the critical moment. When Shi Yu explored a certain ruin, he encountered a mountain collapse and was suspected to have died.

He hadn’t even seen a single hair in that ruin.

Fortunately, because he walked in dangerous places all year round, in order to prevent himself from being killed, Shi Yu had always carried a locator and a rescue device with him.

However, what was going on now?

Shi Yu looked at the doctor and teacher and felt that it was ridiculous.

“It must be a dream now.”

“Do you remember your name?” At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu was stunned for a long time, the doctor asked worriedly.

“He still remembers that I’m his teacher. His mental state should be fine,” the old man said.

Yes!!

There was something wrong with him.

Shi Yu was numb.

Because he sensed that the level realm, pet contract, skill index, and so on were all gone.

But now, compared to the real feeling, it didn’t feel like a dream at all.

On the contrary, the experience of transmigrating was like a dream.

At this moment, Shi Yu even felt that his memories of transmigrating were fading.

It was as if it was a dream…

Just as he woke up from the dream, the things in the dream were gradually forgotten.

Unknowingly, two drops of tears flowed down the corners of Shi Yu’s eyes for no reason. Although he could still remember some key things, for some reason, as his memories blurred, he suddenly couldn’t control his emotions.

“Kid, don’t cry now. It’s harmful to your body. Let me tell you, you’ll definitely have good fortune after surviving this disaster. When others encounter such a disaster, they’re basically finished. You actually only have superficial injuries all over your body. Your bones and tendons aren’t injured at all. You can be discharged in two days. It’s simply a miracle.”

At this moment, seeing Shi Yu aggrieved like a child, Shang Qiu, Shi Yu’s teacher, spoke.

“I…” Shi Yu said, “No, no.”

Then, under the shocked gazes of the doctors and teachers, Shi Yu lifted the blanket and forcefully dragged his injured body up.

To be honest, even if it was a superficial wound, how could a normal person recover from such a superficial wound without a change in expression?

The doctor saw that Shi Yu didn’t cry out in pain this time and got up directly. When he saw that Shi Yu wanted to walk out, he was stunned.

“That’s not a dream,” Shi Yu confirmed as he walked.

Everything else could be gone, and even memories could be blurred.

However, his overlord will might have even been upgraded to the Super Divine Will. After adding points to his pet, the will to withstand the affliction that had been tempered thousands of times was still there.

Although he cried out in pain, it was only subconsciously. As long as Shi Yu wanted to, he could completely resist it without changing his expression.

Just as the other party said, this superficial injury was nothing.

Shi Yu ignored the shouts and pursuit of the doctors and teachers behind him and jogged outside in his hospital clothes. When he was outside, Shi Yu looked at the clear sky and said,

“Something’s wrong. There’s no smog at all. This doesn’t make sense. It’s indeed a dream.”

“The quality of the air in Earth’s hometown is compared to Blue Planet’s Dong Huang.”