Chapter 1882 - Chapter 1882: Let Me Back (2)

Chapter 1882: Let Me Back (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu didn’t expect that he would actually grit his belief that this was a dream from these two strange angles.

He could confirm that he was…

“Wait, why did I accidentally enter here?” Suddenly, Shi Yu’s brain hurt. The pain this time made Shi Yu, a person with strong willpower, unable to withstand it.

“Damn it.” He hit his head with his little fist and tried to fight fire with fire, using violence to counter violence. The double pain added up, but it still didn’t make Shi Yu remember how he accidentally entered here.

Was he tired from adding points and was sleeping and resting?

He was still exploring ruins and had accidentally entered a terrifying place.

Or was it an enemy attack?

Why was he here?

What was he doing previously…

Shi Yu’s memories began to blur again. He had directly forgotten what he had been doing previously.

“I can’t continue like this. I have to escape this world quickly. Be it illusions or dreams, it’s too dangerous.”

At this moment, the doctor who was called something and the old professor, Shang Qiu, also followed. Their legs were definitely not as agile as Shi Yu’s.

Seeing Shi Yu looking at the sky in a daze outside, the two of them were speechless.

“How can I break free?”

“I don’t have any power now.”

“Suicide?” Shi Yu looked at the huge stone pillar beside him.

No, there were many terrifying abilities that controlled and killed people in dreams.

If he died in his dream, he would also die in reality. He couldn’t die.

“Shi Yu, lease calm down. You still need to recuperate now. Come, follow me back to the ward now.”

The doctor realized that Shi Yu didn’t seem to be fine.

His brain might have been more or less affected.

It was possible that modern medical methods couldn’t detect any problems in this mysterious domain.

“What are you doing?” Shang Qiu looked at Shi Yu, panting. He was still jumping around.

“I…” Shi Yu was just about to say something when his brain hurt again.

At this moment, under the panicked expressions of the teachers and doctors, he swayed and fainted.

“Shi Yu!!”

Pain, fatigue, dizziness, weakness…

“A familiar feeling.” Shi Yu opened his eyes with difficulty and looked at the familiar empty ward.

As he woke up, there was a commotion outside. Soon, the door was pushed open and the two familiar people entered again.

Upon seeing the two of them, Shi Yu cried.

Although this teacher had treated him well, Shi Yu really didn’t want to see him anymore.

At this moment, Shang Qiu looked at Shi Yu with a complicated expression.

Now, according to the inspection, there was nothing wrong with Shi Yu’s body.

However, there might be an unclear problem in his mind.

There would most likely be side effects.

Three days had passed since Shi Yu fainted the last time.

Sleeping for three days wasn’t a good sign.

This young man… didn’t even have a family or a girlfriend. What if something happened?

“Do you feel alright?” the doctor asked.

“Not good,” Shi Yu said. “No, I feel very good. I want to be discharged.”

Although Shi Yu didn’t feel good and only wanted to go back now, he didn’t have time to argue with the other party in this hospital.

He had to leave the hospital quickly and think of a way.

“I suggest we observe for another week. If there’s no problem, we can be discharged,” the doctor said.

Since the inspection couldn’t find any problems, they could only let him go.

“I’m fine. I want to be discharged now,” Shi Yu said.

The doctor looked at Shang Qiu. Shang Qiu was silent for a moment before saying, “Sure, you can be discharged.”

That day, the discharge procedures were completed.

When Shi Yu left the hospital, his teacher pulled him and said, “Follow me. Although I don’t know what’s wrong with you, come with me first.”

“Huh?”

Shi Yu originally wanted to go home and then go to the ruins where something happened. He even wanted to take a look at the Taiji Ruins and the Green Dragon Ruins to find extraordinary power and crack the dream. However, the serious expression of the old man in front of him stunned Shi Yu.

“What’s wrong, Teacher?”

Shi Yu followed the other party to the other party’s car.

Shang Qiu said, “I’ll take you to see an old friend of mine. She might be able to see the problem with your head.”

Shi Yu looked depressed.

However, even if it was a dream, he couldn’t completely ignore an old man who cared about him.

“Teacher, I’m fine. Moreover, the hospital can’t find anything… I’m just too tired and got a fright. There’s no need to go, but since we’re here, you can just send me home.”

“That friend of mine is very extraordinary.”

“You, she, this world is going to be extraordinary next.”

“I originally thought your situation was an accident, but some recent information made me sense that something was wrong.”

“Perhaps something strange happened to you.”

Shi Yu looked at the mumbling teacher. Although he had been like this in the past, Shi Yu kept feeling that there was a hidden meaning in the other party’s words.

Shi Yu said, “What do you mean?”

“There’s no need to hide it from you.”

“It won’t be long before the entire world knows. I just found out a while in advance.”

In the car, Shang Qiu said, “Have you heard of the ‘Revival of Spirit Qi’?”

Shi Yu:

“Huh?”

“Have you ever thought that the myths and legends I brought you to study aren’t the fictional mental sustenance of the ancients? They really exist.”

“My family has studied this knowledge for generations. There was once a message left behind in an ancestral ancient book that one day, the world with exhausted spiritual energy will be filled with vitality again.”