Chapter 1892 - Chapter 1892: The Boundaries Of Past And Present Life (4)

Chapter 1892: The Boundaries of Past and Present Life (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“As long as the hearts of both parties resonate, they can break through all shackles and find each other.”

“I believe in my connection with Eleven and the others.”

“Wuu.”

“Wu!!”

The Empress was also unconscious, and after Shi Yu didn’t wake up, Eleven and the others immediately fell into a leaderless state. It was chaotic.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and every other pet surrounded Shi Yu and the others.

“Roar!! (Big Sister, quickly think of a way.)” Even the brainless Little Ji couldn’t help but urge.

As for Eleven and the others, they looked even more panicked, afraid that they would completely forget Shi Yu in the next second.

They really couldn’t understand what had happened to Shi Yu.

“Sorry.” However, at this moment, even Ling really couldn’t think of a good solution. After all, even the power of the Empress couldn’t awaken Shi Yu previously. Even Susu’s memory water drop gradually couldn’t reverse the forgetfulness of its memories.

This kind of thing that involved the unknown spatial laws was definitely related to Shi Yu’s transmigrator identity.

With its current ability, it couldn’t understand.

“I can’t think of a way, but we have to awaken Master and not forget him. This is what we have to do.” As Ling finished speaking, many pets were stunned and nodded.

“I’ve already gotten my clone to seek Lord World King’s help. Before that, what we have to do is repeatedly deepen our memories and constantly awaken Master…”

At this moment, Ling had become everyone’s backbone. Eleven and the others nodded and started to recall.

Ling recalled that when it was born, it had been given the mission to help Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Shi Yu become stronger. It could be said that the meaning of its birth was to help Shi Yu become the strongest Beast Tamer.

If not for Shi Yu, it would have no meaning in existence.

In fact, if it forgot Shi Yu, it would even forget where it was born.

This mechanical spirit that had already become the strongest mechanical life form in the 11th era but was still young had no idea where it would go when the time came. It was very confused.

“Ning.” Susu kept calling. Even if she no longer protected the Guardian Sea of Stars, she didn’t want to lose Shi Yu and forget Shi Yu.

If not for Shi Yu, she might have long ended the countless reincarnations of the Blue Sea Sprite in the form of a slime and ended the final reincarnation. She would have completely returned to death. She would have been born in the sea and died in the sea.

There would be no happy experience at all. Although the team was very complicated and she had yet to be first in the team after being tricked into joining the team, letting Shi Yu see that she had become the strongest in the team, she liked this place very much. Even the ducks of the Abyss Race liked it very much and liked every teammate.

“Mi.” Chi Tong even landed on Shi Yu in the form of a sword spirit and kept calling out. As Shi Yu’s guardian spirit, a soul that had been personally born by Shi Yu, she was also afraid of losing the meaning of existence like Ling. If not for Shi Yu, she might still be sealed in the dark ruins until now.

Perhaps she wasn’t everything to Shi Yu, but Shi Yu was everything to her.

“Yi.” During the period when Shi Yu was unconscious, Baby Ginseng had been replenishing Shi Yu’s body with nutrition. Baby Ginseng didn’t like others to treat it as a supplement. It had brushed past death countless times and had always hoped to obtain a chance to escape the fate of its race.

This opportunity was given by Shi Yu. If not for Shi Yu, it might still be using it as a supplement and doing things it didn’t like.

However, Baby Ginseng had different feelings for Shi Yu. It was willing to be Shi Yu’s supplement for the rest of its life and help its often weak Beast Tamer recover to his optimal state. Every time this happened, although it was complaining, Baby Ginseng could experience a happier mood than becoming stronger.

It turned out that it didn’t hate becoming a supplement, but it hated becoming a supplement for people it didn’t like.

“Ji.” Shi Yu fainted. Buggy, who originally thought that it could enter Shi Yu’s dream, had also experienced failure many times. Its current mood was also extremely complicated. If it weren’t for Shi Yu, it would have already died of old age on that persimmon tree. It wouldn’t have had the life of a legend at all. Buggy, who had dreams in its heart, was given by Shi Yu. It really didn’t dare to imagine what would happen after it completely forgot Shi Yu.

Even if it became the strongest race in the universe after evolution, without the Beast Tamer who created all of this sharing the joy of evolution beside it, Buggy felt that it wouldn’t be happy either.

“Sob.” Eleven might be the most anxious at this moment. As Shi Yu’s initial pet, it had witnessed the bond between Shi Yu and every new pet. It knew very well that no one could forget Shi Yu or lose Shi Yu. Otherwise, it would lose the most important part of its life process.

It still wanted to stay in Shi Yu’s pocket, still want to hang on Shi Yu’s shoulder, still want to let Shi Yu sleep with it as a pillow, still want to fight side by side with Shi Yu and become stronger together, but it was unwilling. At that time, no matter what, it couldn’t remember who Shi Yu was.

If that was the case, it would rather not become stronger. That future wasn’t the future it wanted. It just wanted to stay with Shi Yu forever.

Little Ji, Duckie, Qi… Every pet kept recalling and working hard to remember so that they wouldn’t forget. At the same time, they kept waking Shi Yu up through telepathy.

After losing the Empress, Shi Yu fell into an unknown state again. At this moment, their wishes and will had reached a peak. No matter what, they wanted to awaken Shi Yu and stop forgetting about Shi Yu.

If not for Shi Yu, they would have lost the meaning of their lives, so nothing could happen to Shi Yu.

So what if it was at the cosmos level? At most, they wouldn’t break through. They just needed Shi Yu.

Countless strong thoughts were added to Shi Yu. In the memory world, Shi Yu, who had his eyes closed, suddenly sensed something.

Shi Yu, who was also constantly calling his pets, suddenly saw a beam of light that broke through the spatial memory world.

Shi Yu and the Super Empress raised their heads slightly. When they saw the beam, the latter revealed a stunned expression, while the former smiled.

“Found you.”

“Don’t worry, I’m fine,” Shi Yu said slowly. He directly stretched out his hand and tore open the memory world of his previous life along the beam, tearing open the passage back to reality.

Seeing this scene, the Super Empress’s mood was shocked and complicated. She never expected that Shi Yu, who couldn’t even awaken a cosmic level like her, a mysterious place that could even trap a cosmic level like her, would actually be easily torn open just like that.

“This power…” the Empress muttered.

“As long as the pets are still around, there’s no place to trap me.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Let’s go. No matter what, let’s go back first.”

At this moment, seeing Shi Yu break free from the restraints of the memory world of her previous life and successfully return to reality, the Empress was stunned. She also stepped in. Although her memories hadn’t been completely recovered, perhaps she knew what she was looking for.

At the same time, in the outside world.

As Shi Yu and the Empress slowly opened their eyes, every pet of Shi Yu revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. Seeing that Shi Yu had finally woken up, they cried out in joy.

However, as Shi Yu and the Empress woke up this time, Shi Yu immediately completed the most gorgeous change in history.

Strands of cosmic origin power circled around him. After he opened his starry eyes, his strength finally broke through the shackles of the super divine level and stepped into the threshold of the cosmic level in one go.

At this moment, the starry sky power of the entire universe seemed to be cheering for the birth of a new cosmic emperor.

“Sorry to have made you worry.” After Shi Yu woke up, he didn’t care about his level. Instead, he smiled at Eleven and the others. Apart from the Empress, it was all thanks to the help of these little guys that he could break through to the cosmic level this time.

It was all thanks to everyone’s hard work that they could advanced to the cosmic level.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven and the others were overjoyed. Great!!

Shi Yu was finally back!

Moreover, they could also sense that the contract connection between them and Shi Yu was even stronger. This time, they definitely wouldn’t forget Shi Yu.

Although they were frightened previously, joy quickly rushed into their hearts now.

Let’s celebrate! From today onwards, their Beast Tamer, Shi Yu, was the seventh cosmic emperor!!