Chapter 1897 - Chapter 1897: Difficult Cosmic Level (3)

Chapter 1897: Difficult Cosmic Level (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Although the targeting of that premonition wasn’t very strong and it only predicted a rough range, it still hit.

Shi Yu really advanced by contracting a cosmic level above his level. Even if the owl obtained a trace of EXP bar, it concerned the birth of a cosmic emperor. It was also a huge amount of upgrade EXP.

“Well,” Shi Yu said, “she’s barely related to premonition. However, my situation is a little special. Without my nod, others can’t obtain any benefits from my breakthrough for the time being.”

“What do you mean?”

“It means that Teacher Owl hasn’t received any feedback for the time being. Not only her, but Blue Planet and Goddess Wa too.”

“I actually came this time because of this. I want to see how many benefits my upgrade can give them,” Shi Yu said.

Blue Planet and Goddess Wa were existences that had nurtured Blue Planet’s human race. If Shi Yu, a Blue Planet’s human, broke through, it was natural for them to obtain benefits.

The reason why the Worm Queen wanted to give Buggy the bloodline and let Buggy reach the cosmic level was also because she hoped to obtain the bloodline feedback after Buggy broke through to the cosmic level.

However, unlike the Worm Queen, the Worm Queen was at the cosmic level herself. After Buggy broke through to the cosmic level, it was very simple for the Worm Queen to receive feedback.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu had broken through. As Blue Planet, Goddess Wa, and the owl were still super divine and not at the cosmic level, without Shi Yu’s permission, no one else could get any feedback from him.

In addition, Shi Yu’s situation was special to begin with. He was a transmigrator, so it was even harder to directly obtain feedback from him.

“You mean…” the gem cat said.

“Well, I plan to let Blue Planet’s Will and Senior Goddess Wa prepare first. This way, with the feedback, they might be able to charge into the cosmic level,” Shi Yu said.

“Oh, I see.” The gem cat was envious. Blue Planet and Goddess Wa were winning without doing anything.

Eh? It seemed that from overlord to peak super divine, it was the one who won the most?

Forget it, the gem cat was paralyzed. Now that Shi Yu was at the cosmic level, it felt that it was also invincible in the universe. Now, it could slack off to the destruction of the universe, right?

“By the way, Teacher Owl doesn’t have much potential anyway. I’ll give her the feedback first,” Shi Yu said.

With that said, he relaxed his spatial shield, allowing the owl to sense that he had broken through to the cosmic level.

At the same time.

World King Planet.

An owl girl was extremely shocked.

“Oh my god, what did it hit again?”

“Moreover, it was a big one.”

The owl sat at home and rose to the middle stage of transcendent out of thin air, stunning the Prediction Owl. When it returned to its senses, it understood what had happened and couldn’t help but head to Blue Planet in shock.

“Holy shit, what a joke. Could it be that guy… is at the cosmic level??”

Apart from that, Shi Yu also released his cosmic-level aura. A trace of cosmic-level might spread, immediately making the expressions of Goddess Wa, Blue Planet’s Will, Emperor Shi, the little nun Floating Light, and the others change.

However, when they deeply sensed the source of this aura, every Blue Planet expert was extremely shocked.

This aura, could it be…

“Shi Yu?” The little nun said, “He’s actually at the cosmic level so quickly??”

Ever since Shi Yu broke through to super divine 11 and experienced the heavenly tribulation under everyone’s nose before suddenly leaving, it had only been a month. No one expected Shi Yu to return in a short month at the cosmic level.

“Looks like I can reincarnate in peace soon,” Emperor Shi said. He felt that he might have to reincarnate and cultivate again to catch up to this heaven-defying junior.

Soon, as Shi Yu’s aura was released, the Blue Planet’s Will, Goddess Wa, Emperor Shi, and Floating Light quickly descended where Shi Yu was.

“Shi Yu, you broke through to the cosmic level??” Goddess Wa and the others immediately asked just as they descended.

“Isn’t this very normal?” Shi Yu said.

The four of them were stunned. The gem cat was also here and sighed. Sigh, Shi Yu had managed to act cool again.

“Let’s not talk about this. My breakthrough should be able to bring a certain amount of feedback to the two of you, right? Next, I plan to feedback my strength to the two of you. I wonder if you’re confident of charging into the cosmic level.” Shi Yu looked at the Blue Planet’s Will and Goddess Wa and went straight to the point.

“Is a war about to begin?” Blue Planet’s Will said.

“Yes, let’s make preparations. Everyone, increase your strength. I’m prepared to meet the Dark King. The barrier of the Cosmic Sea can’t last long,” Shi Yu said.

“Prepare yourselves, and I’ll let go of the restrictions.”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Goddess Wa and Blue Planet had complicated feelings. They didn’t expect that Shi Yu would help them cross the cosmic level one day.

“We can give it a try.” Both parties were looking forward to it.

“Alright, Master Floating Light, Senior Emperor Shi, come and watch too. It might be beneficial for you to try to break through to the cosmic level in the future,” Shi Yu said.

“Thank you.” Floating Light, who was also at the peak of the super divine level, thanked Shi Yu.

“Yes.” Emperor Shi also nodded silently. There was no doubt that he could gain a lot from sensing the breakthrough process of his mother planet.

Soon, Shi Yu directly released the restrictions. In the next moment, the power of Blue Planet and Goddess Wa clearly increased very much.

The figure of the Blue Planet’s Will disappeared and fused into the planet. Strands of star origin lingered. The creatures living on it didn’t notice that their mother planet was trying the most difficult breakthrough.

After Goddess Wa received Shi Yu’s feedback, her strength became even more perfect. In the ruins of Earth, she confirmed that the opportunity to assist her in breaking through to the cosmic level was to “create humans”. Although Shi Yu wasn’t the initial human she created, half of his bloodline came from that group of humans…

It could more or less be very helpful to Goddess Wa’s breakthrough.