Chapter 1899 - Chapter 1899: Declaring War On The Cosmic Emperor (1)

Chapter 1899: Declaring War on the Cosmic Emperor (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Initially, everyone thought that someone was so bold and unusual as to barge into the battle conference room.

This kind of behavior didn’t seem like something a normal person could do. It was most likely an enemy.

However, when they saw the identity of the person, many higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Army fell silent.

The seventh cosmic emperor, Shi Yu! That was fine!

Many experts present had heard of Shi Yu’s unscrupulousness. This kind of thing was nothing.

At that moment, when they heard Shi Yu’s words, many higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Army revealed stunned expressions.

What did Shi Yu say?

He would preside over the next Environmental Protection Army?

Everyone suddenly looked at President Bing Ling. Apart from Bing Ling herself, no one below her level knew that Bing Ling had gone to invite Shi Yu.

It was mainly because although Shi Yu had agreed, Bing Ling herself couldn’t be sure if Shi Yu would come.

Now, seeing that Shi Yu had really arrived, President Bing Ling immediately heaved a sigh of relief. She felt that the pressure on the Environmental Protection Army was instantly much smaller.

The Star Army was maintaining an all-round barrier. The Contract Army and the Myriad Race Army were guarding the border of the Behemoth Empire. On the Environmental Protection Army’s side, there wasn’t even a super divine peak on the surface.

Fortunately, Shi Yu came.

“Welcome.” President Bing Ling stood up and welcomed Shi Yu.

The others immediately got up. If it were anyone else who dared to say so pretentiously, with him guarding the Environmental Protection Army, these super divine purifiers present would definitely disdain it.

However, if this person was Shi Yu, it was a different story. Everyone in the Cosmic Sea knew that back then, in the battle for transcendence, Shi Yu had destroyed dozens of super divines in the Contaminated Land.

The battle results of the Environmental Protection Army for hundreds of millions of years added together weren’t as valiant as Shi Yu alone.

In terms of military merits, Shi Yu was now enough to take charge of the Environmental Protection Army.

“How’s the situation?” There were many people here, and Shi Yu only knew President Bing Ling. After arriving, he asked, “The barrier should be much weaker, right?”

After he broke through to the cosmic level and confirmed that he would participate in the battle, the World King shouldn’t place all its strength on maintaining the barrier.

“Yes, the situation is very dangerous now.”

“On the other side of the barrier, the ancestor of the Abyss Race and the ancestor of the Pollution Race are presiding. There are a total of two peak super divines, and the number of high and middle super divines is even more uncertain. A conservative estimate is that there are more than a hundred super divine levels polluting lives alone.”

“This time, the entire army of the Contaminated Land mobilized. They’re definitely going to take down the Cosmic Sea.”

“The commotion isn’t small.” Shi Yu took a few steps forward and casually sat in a seat without treating himself as an outsider.

“However, no matter how many super divines there are, they’re still useless.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, many people smiled bitterly. Perhaps only Shi Yu dared to say this.

After all, this great demon king could beat up the Sun God General alone.

In terms of battle power, the battle power of the three peak super divines in the Contaminated Land, the Yun Race ancestor, the Calamity Race ancestor, and the Abyss Race ancestor, was inferior to the Sun God General.

Among them, the Yun Race’s ancestor had already been killed by Shi Yu in the Transcendent Divine Realm. There were only two left. Now that Shi Yu was here, he probably couldn’t cause any waves, but…

“It’s very difficult to believe that the actions of the Contaminated Land this time weren’t instructed by the Dark King.” At the mention of the Dark King, the deputy of President Bing Ling, an old general, had an extremely serious expression.

“If it really interferes in the war, that will be the most troublesome moment.”

Just as the general finished speaking, the expressions of many soldiers present suddenly changed drastically. There were also messengers who rushed towards the battle conference room in a hurry with pale faces. There were even countless voice transmissions that ignored the rules and transmitted to the battle room.

“Not good.”

“The Dark King Army… is about to invade on a large scale.”

“According to the information at the front line, the barrier is trembling. The power of pollution has penetrated the barrier and already flowed to the battlefield. Countless pollution tribes are offering a ceremony, as if they’re welcoming the supreme existence.”

When the news came, the entire battle conference room immediately turned extremely cold. Some people had shocked expressions. Whatever they were worried about came.

Could it be… that it was really the Dark King? Although countless people already had a premonition that a cosmic-level battle warning issued by the Cosmic Sea was very likely to happen, when this day really arrived and was really confirmed, many experts were still unwilling to believe it.

Although these purifiers had never fought the Dark King, just from the legends, they could tell how terrifying the Dark King was.

At the moment, the three peak super divine experts of the Contaminated Land, the Yun Race Ancestor, the Abyss Race Ancestor, and the Calamity Race Ancestor, were only creations of the Dark King.

The Contaminated Land also existed because of the existence of the Dark King. The polluted races in the entire universe could be said to have been born because of the Dark King.

Every cosmic level was incomparably terrifying, including the Cosmic Sea. Among the ten thousand races in the starry sky, even the powerful World Deity Dragon Race was only one of the races born by the World King.

Cosmic level and super divine level were no longer in the same dimension.

Just the Dark King’s pollution creation alone made the Cosmic Sea and the Environmental Protection Army barely hold on for so many years. If all the pollution origins personally descended and the World King didn’t appear, the Environmental Protection Army couldn’t think of any way to resist.

“Shi Yu.” President Bing Ling looked at Shi Yu urgently, wanting to ask him if he had brought any information about the World King.

“Don’t think about it. Although the World King has woken up, he’s probably dealing with the invasion of the Beastmaster Army at this moment.” At this moment, Shi Yu was still very calm. “I don’t have time to care about the Dark King.”

“I know you’re very anxious, but this isn’t the time to panic.”

“Looks like you came at the right time. World King’s calculations are really accurate.”