Chapter 1896 - Chapter 1896: Difficult Cosmic Level (2)

Chapter 1896: Difficult Cosmic Level (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

It was impossible for a World King and Empress to not be able to defeat a Beastmaster, right?

This way, it should be able to distract the World King and protect the Cosmic Sea.

This prevented places like Blue Planet from being affected.

In short, he had to control the battlefield to be outside the Cosmic Sea, and within the Contaminated Land and the Behemoth Empire.

As for himself… Shi Yu felt that with his current strength, there was nothing wrong with cooperating with so many pets to fight the Dark King directly.

Although now, Shi Yu only looked like a cosmic-level rookie, in theory, he should be at a disadvantage when facing an old cosmic-level like the Dark King.

However, it shouldn’t be forgotten that Shi Yu could strengthen every pet from the peak of the super divine level to the cosmic level at any time.

As long as he wanted, this second could allow Susu to be at the cosmic level. In the next second, it could allow Eleven to be at the cosmic level, or it could also let Qi be at the cosmic level.

This way, there were many choices in terms of skills, making the opponent unable to guard against them.

Although Shi Yu felt that the chances of strengthening two cosmic levels at the same time with his current strength weren’t high, it was enough.

After all, even if he couldn’t strengthen two cosmic-level battle power at the same time, don’t forget that his main body also had battle power, and it was even stronger now.

After strengthening a cosmic-level Susu, he would let the remaining pets, such as Chi Tong, possess him with the Shadowless Sword. Wasn’t this appropriate? It was also cosmic-level battle power.

Or, he could open another mecha.

Although dividing power to strengthen pets might cause greater consumption, it wasn’t a problem at all. After all, Susu only needed him to strengthen it at the start. Then, it could directly freeload the power of the Sea of Stars for battle. It was very easy.

Presumably, the universe was also very happy to lend its strength to Susu to punish the Dark King.

Therefore, no matter how he thought about it, Shi Yu felt that he wouldn’t lose.

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s arrangements, the World King had no objections. Although she didn’t know how powerful a cosmic Beast Tamer was, one thing was certain. At least Shi Yu wouldn’t lose.

It was impossible for a cosmic-level being to kill another cosmic-level being.

Therefore, even if Shi Yu had just entered the cosmic level, his foundation at the cosmic level was inferior to the Dark King.

But as long as she and the Empress quickly forced the Beastmaster back, the situation of the war could be determined.

Although she felt that it might be a better choice to let Shi Yu assist in strengthening the Empress, since the Empress didn’t say anything, she naturally didn’t have any other thoughts.

“Sure,” World King replied and disappeared.

At the same time, Shi Yu smiled and looked at the Super Empress. “I remember your previous life’s name…”

“Shut up.” Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, the Super Empress looked at Shi Yu with a gaze that was enough to kill.

This scene shocked Eleven and the others. What was wrong?

“Alright, alright.” Shi Yu had originally said if he should call back his previous life’s name, but from the looks of it, the Empress didn’t like it.

He remembered that the name he gave the Empress in his previous life was Buggy. It was similar to Buggy’s name. As expected of him…

Unfortunately, now that the Empress had become stronger and more aloof, she wasn’t willing to take that name anymore. It was better to call her Empress.

Sigh, Buggy was still the best. Even now, it didn’t despise its name…

“However, we can finally fight side by side again,” Shi Yu said with a distant gaze. Although his experience on Earth was only three to four years, far inferior to the time in this lifetime, he had indeed fought side by side with the Super Empress countless times. Moreover, in the early stages of the recovery of spiritual energy and the lack of resources, it was far more difficult than in this lifetime.

When Shi Yu left the mystic realm and returned to Blue Planet, the gem cat, whose expression wasn’t very good, sensed the commotion and walked out.

“As expected, it’s you. Damn Shi Yu, did you switch the gem fruit just now!!”

It gritted its teeth in hatred. This bastard…

When it ate the Cultivation Fruit in Ping Cheng, it would give itself a bunch of buffs and be mentally prepared. Only then would it dare to eat a bunch of delicious food that neutralized the stench.

Did Shi Yu know how much psychological trauma he had caused it?

The current cultivation fruit was no longer like before. It was made by a ginseng baby at the peak of the super divine level. It was even more smelly.

“You should be glad.” The first thing Shi Yu did when he returned to Blue Planet was to take a look at the gem cat’s state. He couldn’t help but be very satisfied and smile.

“F*ck…” the gem cat cursed.

“After all, the first thing I did after breaking through to the cosmic level was to supervise your cultivation. Isn’t it worth being happy about?” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Moreover, you keep cursing me in your heart.”

The gem cat: “?”

The gem cat was stunned. It carefully recalled Shi Yu’s words and sensed that something was wrong. “You, you, you, you broke through to the cosmic level??”

“How can it be so fast!!!” The gem cat was extremely incredulous. Shi Yu was already at the cosmic level?? Why did it feel like a dream?

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “The war is imminent, so we have to break through quickly. Teacher Ying, even if you want to contract me now, I don’t want you anymore.”

The gem cat: “?”

“I don’t care!” The gem cat curled its lips. So be it. What was the big deal?

However, the gem cat suddenly thought of something. “Wait, how did you break through to the cosmic level?”

“I contracted a cosmic-level feedback breakthrough above my level,” Shi Yu said.

“Oh no, doesn’t that mean that owl predicted it again!”

Shi Yu had once asked the owl in the past about the specific method to advance to the cosmic level. The answer the owl

gave was to contract a cosmic level above its level.