Chapter 1894 - Chapter 1894: Finally Reaching The Cosmic Level (2)

Chapter 1894: Finally Reaching the Cosmic Level (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, Shi Yu’s telepathy power had reached a qualitative leap.

A voice in hundreds of millions sounded in Shi Yu’s mind.

“Shi Yu? Number one in the God Sealing Battle and turned the God Sealing Battle into an internal team competition? Really?”

“What, killed hundreds of super divines in one hit? The seventh cosmic emperor?”

“I really want to marry Shi Yu.”

“I really want to be Shi Yu’s pet.”

“Demon Mirror, who’s more handsome, me or Blue Planet’s Shi Yu?”

Countless thoughts resounded in Shi Yu’s heart, making Shi Yu understand that at least for the time being, as long as anyone called his real name in the huge Cosmic Sea, as long as anyone thought of him, he could spy on everything about them.

Upon hearing these thoughts, Shi Yu had a strange expression. He felt that some places had just been connected to the Internet and that some people were too bold.

“Bastard Shi Yu.”

In fact, Shi Yu even heard someone scolding him. He couldn’t tolerate it at all.

He was just about to cross countless star areas and send down the punishment of the cosmic emperor to let the other party understand that the cosmic emperor couldn’t be humiliated…

But after locking onto it, he realized that the one who scolded him was actually the gem cat.

In that case, it was fine.

However, he still had to punish it.

“Ugh.” Shi Yu used a great divine power to temporarily change the gem fruit he had just placed in its mouth to the Cultivation Fruit.

In the next moment, the gem cat, who didn’t have any protective measures or mental preparation, turned pale and purple. It immediately hugged the trash can and retched.

However, Shi Yu really couldn’t take this ability for a long time. He immediately turned off this widespread telepathy. There were too many creatures in the Cosmic Sea. If he kept activating this ability, he would sooner or later be annoyed enough to explode and want to destroy the Cosmic Sea.

Of course, telepathy was only one of the many abilities that upgraded and transformed with Shi Yu.

Apart from that, there was also physical control. At this moment, Shi Yu felt that his life form no longer had any obstacles to him. After reaching the cosmic level, he could still be called a human for the time being, but as long as he wanted to, he couldn’t be a human at any time.

Countless races could be changed as long as he understood them completely. However, there was no need. This was because although he wasn’t perfect in the path of humans, he was at least familiar with them. Changing races casually would instead affect his strength.

Of course, these were all secondary.

After breaking through to the cosmic level, the strongest thing was still the use of the power of space and time. Shi Yu descended to Blue Planet with a thought and no one sensed him.

Wherever his gaze landed, time flowed backward.

He casually spied on the historical scene of Blue Planet. Listening to the Voice of History was extremely weak in front of the use of this spatial power.

His gaze landed on the capital and saw a little boy about 12 years old. With the thought that he had to defeat Shi Yu, he came from the Ancient Capital to the distant capital to further his studies.

This was Yin Zhengfan, who had lost to Shi Yu in a class competition.

He also saw that at the Feeding Conference, he, who had once shocked the world and shocked the Feeding World, and Buggy became the most dazzling star in the Feeding World.

He also saw an old acquaintance who was also playing with time and trying to predict his future.

Shi Yu smiled and stretched out his hand to help to encourage it. He used his attainments in the power of space and time to strengthen the premonition results of a certain owl.

At this moment, at a certain time, the Prediction Owl felt that the results of its premonition this time were a little ridiculous. It even felt that the consumption of its premonition this time was super small. It was very strange…

Very strange indeed…

“I’m already at the realm where I can play with space and time at will. Of course, I’m not as violent as Qi.”

“At most, the power projection will affect the past and the future, and it will consume a lot of energy. It can’t descend with its true body like the Time Sprite.”

In an instant, Shi Yu sensed many changes in his body.

Of course, every pet Shi Yu contracted could also sense the feedback from the cosmic Beast Tamer.

They were already very powerful, but when they sensed their strength rising steadily, it was even more unbelievable.

It felt that Shi Yu hadn’t even done anything. Their battle power had increased by at least 20%. This 20% wasn’t to be underestimated. If they were all below the divine level, it was nothing to increase their battle power by two times.

However, at the peak of the super divine level, above that was the cosmic level. It was extremely difficult to advance further. In this situation, 20% of the battle power was worth ordinary peak super divines spending 200 million years cultivating, and they might not necessarily be able to do it.

And now, Shi Yu had broken through alone. The entire team’s pets received feedback, making their already strong strength even more brutal.

The only one who didn’t receive much feedback might be the Super Empress. As a cosmic level, unless Shi Yu supported her with all his might, her improvement was limited.

This time, the Empress used her own strength to allow Shi Yu to break through to the cosmic level.

“There’s no need to pursue the cosmic holder anymore.” At this moment, looking at Shi Yu looking at the many pets, the Super Empress made a decision.

Although she hadn’t recovered her complete memories and had only recovered a small portion, she no longer planned to search.

Forcefully contracting with him above his level made Shi Yu experience such a complicated thing. If he contracted with the cosmic will, who knew what would happen?

Since Shi Yu was the only person she was familiar with now, she naturally didn’t want anything to happen to Shi Yu.

The risk of contracting with the universe was still too high. If Shi Yu failed… She could already understand the feelings of Shi Yu’s pets.

“No.” However, the Empress didn’t want to look anymore. Shi Yu didn’t want to. At this moment, he touched Eleven and the others’ heads and said, “I’m definitely going to be the master of the universe.”

“Whether the lifespan of the universe is immortal or limited, I’m very vulgar. I like longevity and immortality. I like myself to be eternal. I also want my pets and friends to transcend with me.”

“Therefore, controlling the universe is something that has to be done.”

“When the time comes, I can still search for the remaining memories.” Shi Yu turned around and smiled. “However, the next time I contract the universe, I have to be more prepared.”

“Since you’re not in a hurry and we have enough time, why don’t we wait a little longer? At least for now, the lifespan of the universe is still very sufficient.”

“At least, wait until a pet can fight a cosmic overlord alone before undergoing the cosmic contract, right?”

“It’s up to you, but before that, let’s deal with the guy who covets this place first,” the Super Empress said.

“Yeah.” Shi Yu nodded. Interesting. Next, let him see if the cleansing star spirit/Sea of Stars sprite that had been enhanced by him, a cosmic Beast Tamer, could cleanse this supreme master of pollution.

“Susu.”

“Ning!” At that moment, Susu’s gaze was firm. It was already completely prepared.

“As a cosmic-level being, like others of the same levels, it’s not too much to have your own territory, right?”

“Next, we want the former Contaminated Land. After purification, change its name to the Milky Way and it’ll become our new territory!” Shi Yu’s ambition had just appeared. Since he wanted to nurture his pets to the cosmic level as much as possible, resources were indispensable. It was time to fight for his resource territory.