Chapter 1891 - Chapter 1891: The Boundaries Of Past And Present Life (3)

Chapter 1891: The Boundaries of Past and Present Life (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The memories that appeared on both sides weren’t what they had experienced just now.

Instead, it really seemed to have happened.

The little white rabbit was adopted by Shi Yu. Both parties encountered the recovery of spiritual energy. Shi Yu changed his profession to a Beast Tamer and formed a partner with the little white rabbit. The two parties began to wander and explore ruins in the new transcendent world.

Until they arrived at this Time Sprite Ruins, where both parties accepted the inheritance and soared into the sky.

Shi Yu was in charge of earning money to buy medicinal herbs, and the Jade Rabbit was in charge of refining medicine. It helped Shi Yu train his body and help him become stronger. The combination of the two parties rose quickly. Even some revived ancient experts were extremely shocked.

However, the tallest tree would be destroyed by the wind. Soon, the Empress’s ability was exposed. In addition, when both parties explored the ancient ruins and obtained many treasures, they offended many factions. They encountered the most dangerous encirclement, and there were people much stronger than them participating.

This time, it could be said that they were really at the end of the road. It was the closest to death for both parties, but there was always a way out. At the critical moment when the strong enemy descended, Shi Yu and the others escaped to a Space-time Dragon Vein…

Shi Yu directly used his ability to activate the Space-time Dragon Vein and transmigrate space and time to dodge the enemy.

The memories ended here.

Shi Yu and the Empress seemed to have experienced a long dream. They had just woken up and were still in a daze.

“Is this my previous life?” The Super Empress had mixed feelings.

As the Black Empress, she suddenly understood why Lily was so concerned about Shi Yu.

Because in their previous life, they were Shi Yu’s contracted beasts.

Although she still didn’t know what they had experienced after touching the Space-time Dragon Vein, the initial growth experience was undoubtedly spent with Shi Yu on that planet called Earth.

“I see. It’s not much different from what I experienced previously.”

At this moment, Shi Yu recovered. After being in a daze, he also scratched his head with a smile. He looked at the Empress and said, “We’re not family, so we don’t enter the same house. Be it in our previous lives or this life, it looks like we’re the best partners.”

“Long time no see, Buggy.”

The Super Empress: “?”

The Super Empress said, “Compared to catching up, you should think of a way to leave this damn place.”

The Empress had a thousand things to say at this moment.

However, when it reached his mouth, he still didn’t say it out loud. Instead, he reminded Shi Yu of his current crisis.

The contract had yet to be completed, and the crisis had yet to disappear. Even she had fallen into danger.

“Huh??”

“In the outside world, a month has passed. Ever since the start of the contract, you’ve been unconscious. Are you trapped here?”

“No matter how I awaken you, you can’t awaken. Even I can’t awaken you.”

“Of course, if that’s all, it’s nothing. But during this process, your pet is continuously forgetting memories related to you.”

“It’s as if you shouldn’t belong to that universe.”

“What?” Upon hearing the Empress’s words, Shi Yu was stunned. “Eleven and the others are also forgetting me?”

After Shi Yu hurriedly entered, he completely forgot all his memories of the Empress. Then, he gradually began to forget other memories and told the Empress.

After hearing that, the Empress fell into deep thought and said, “So, you’re here, and between you and your contracted partner, you’re forgetting each other?”

“However, why exactly did a transmigrator have to experience such a thing when breaking through to the cosmic level? Why didn’t I encounter it?”

At this moment, Shi Yu’s stomach hurt. “It might be related to the fact that I’m a human?”

“But no matter what, don’t you have a way to break this world?” At this moment, Shi Yu no longer wanted to stay in this world.

“Unfortunately,” the Empress said. “After arriving here, my strength is only this little in front of you. I’m helpless.”

The Empress had a serious expression. This seemed to be the most troublesome desperate situation she had encountered since transmigrating…

However…

She looked at Shi Yu, who was in deep thought. The emergence of memories just now made her heart tremble greatly. Although she didn’t show it to Shi Yu, this feeling of recovering her true self made the Empress’s heart ache.

If they really had to be trapped here continuously, it seemed like a good choice for her and Shi Yu to recover the remaining memories.

This way, Shi Yu didn’t have to take any risk of becoming the holder of the universe.

“Why don’t…”

“No.” As if he knew what the Empress was talking about, Shi Yu said, “After hearing you out, I’m worried about Eleven and the others. I can’t stay here anymore.”

It was very difficult for the Super Empress to imagine that Shi Yu would say words of worry about a group of “peak super divines”.

However, in fact, Eleven and the others were actually just children in Shi Yu’s eyes.

Although the Empress said it calmly, Shi Yu could imagine how Eleven and the others were also gradually forgetting their feelings.

Perhaps it was a little narcissistic, but Shi Yu knew that in the hearts of some guys, he was the only one. If he wasn’t around…

“But what other way is there?” The Empress was also trying very hard to awaken herself through various methods. However, after arriving here, she, a cosmic level, felt helpless for the first time.

This strange world bound everything to them.

“Yes.” Shi Yu took a deep breath and sat down on the spot. He closed his eyes slightly and searched for the contract connection that should have existed in his originally nonexistent sea of consciousness.