Chapter 1895 - Chapter 1895: Difficult Cosmic Level (1)

Chapter 1895: Difficult Cosmic Level (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Just as Shi Yu made up his mind to try using the Dark King to fight the Contaminated Land, Ling, who was beside him, suddenly spoke.

“Master, the World King has brought a congratulatory gift.”

Her tone more or less had the intention of taking credit. It was very playful, as if she was in a good mood today.

“World King? A congratulatory gift?”

Upon hearing the congratulatory gift, Shi Yu and the others looked up. They were all money-grubbers.

He was curious. What was the congratulatory gift and who could use it?

Shi Yu looked at the Super Empress. In the next moment, the Empress Mystic Realm opened.

A supreme spiritual consciousness descended in the Empress Mystic Realm.

The Realm King’s main body was the World King Planet, so it was naturally impossible for her to descend with her true body. She still descended with her own habit and only her consciousness.

“You guys actually really succeeded…”

Space-time ripples spread, and a mental voice came from the eyes formed by the white and blue arcs of light.

“Yo, World King.” Shi Yu smiled.

Before he broke through, he had always felt that the Super Empress, the World King, and the cosmic overlord were all unfathomable.

But now, in his opinion, the other party almost didn’t have any big secrets. They were all creatures of the same level.

The greatest difference between the cosmic level and other levels was the use of the power of space and time.

He felt that the World King’s spatial attainments weren’t low. It should have studied it for a long time. It had probably completed the convergence of parallel spaces and could communicate with him in all parallel spaces.

The last time he transmigrated, he was probably under the gaze of a realm king from another parallel space the whole time.

“Congratulations.”

“You’ve become the seventh cosmic life form in this universe. From today onwards, you’ll be ranked at the highest.”

“This is a small gift from me.”

World Kings could be said to be the most aggrieved among the previous five cosmic levels.

The Dark King, the Beastmaster, the Worm Queen, and the cosmic overlord were all not easy to deal with.

The Dark King and the Mutated Insect Race had always coveted the prosperous Cosmic Sea and the myriad races in the starry sky. The Beastmaster had also always coveted the World King himself.

Only the Super Empress knew what the sixth cosmic emperor, the Super Empress, had done in the Cosmic Sea.

Fortunately, although the current seventh cosmic level wasn’t considered a direct descendant of the World King bloodline, it was more or less deeply related to the World King bloodline.

It wasn’t easy for a cosmic emperor who wasn’t from the enemy camp to be born. The World King naturally had to express it well.

In the spatial ripples, an invisible sword slowly appeared.

Its appearance instantly triggered terrifying sword intent fluctuations and outlined the supreme sword law, as if it was the most primitive sword origin.

The World King’s congratulatory gift was a Shadowless Sword. It didn’t have a body. However, when they saw this weapon, Chi Tong, Little Ji, and the others who played with swords immediately widened their eyes in excitement.

It was the same for Shi Yu. He sensed that this treasure was extraordinary.

Without a doubt, this was a cosmic treasure-level treasure. Although it might not be comparable to the Universe Tree or the skill index, it was also commendable. Its value wasn’t inferior to dozens of source of transcendence, and it wasn’t a kind of low-level cosmic treasure.

As expected of a World King, he had a rich collection of treasures.

“There’s nothing.” Bu Lu looked around and scratched its head.

“Idiots can’t see it,” Little Zi said.

Apart from Bu Lu, many pets pretended that they could see the sword.

“It’s a Space-time Shadowless Sword,” the World King said. “This cosmic treasure was born from the most primitive sword origin combined with the power of space and time after the birth of the sword origin law in this universe. It doesn’t have a body. Only creatures who are expert in the sword law can sense and use it.”

“I remember that you’re expert in swords. It can be a suitable weapon for you.”

After the World King finished speaking, it sent the Space-time Shadowless Sword to Shi Yu. This was indeed a treasure. Shi Yu could confirm that even if it was a transcendent 1 sword spirit, as long as it could proficiently bind this thing, it wasn’t a problem for its battle power to be at the peak of the super divine level.

“Thank you, Lord World King.” Shi Yu smiled. He liked this gift very much. Most importantly, this sword contained very strong spatial power. With Chi Tong holding this, Qi probably couldn’t escape through spatial travel even if she wanted to. It could kill one Time Sprite with one slash.

It was very suitable for Chi Tong, who had also mastered the sword origin, to fuse and train the Space-time Sword Dao.

Cosmic treasures… were all good things. Shi Yu suddenly wanted to give every pet a cosmic treasure.

He wanted to enhance their skills further.

He wondered how many treasures he could plunder from the Dark King after defeating it…

The plundering aura on Shi Yu’s body rose steadily, attracting the attention of the World King and the Super Empress, making their eyelids twitch.

“The Dark King and the Beastmaster are still corroding the barrier, right?” Shi Yu asked the World King.

“Lord World King, are you interested in launching a counterattack together?”

The World King said, “Are we going to a complete war… I’m long prepared.”

“However, because of the barrier, apart from me, the other cosmic emperors shouldn’t know that you’ve already reached the cosmic level.”

“Since the other party hasn’t completely broken through the barrier, I suggest that you adapt to the cosmic level first and consolidate your new realm before carrying out the final battle.”

The World King still felt that Shi Yu was too impatient. He had just broken through…

“That’s true. Then let’s prepare for a while more.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’ll go inform my acquaintances to prevent them from panicking if a cosmic battle happens next.”

“At that time, if possible, Lord World King, please delay the Beastmaster and ensure that the two cosmic levels can’t invade the Cosmic Sea. The Empress will assist you. As for me, I’ll directly fight the Dark King.”