Chapter 1890 - Chapter 1890: The Boundaries Of Past And Present Life (2)

Chapter 1890: The Boundaries of Past and Present Life (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

After investigating the information of this ruin, many things could suddenly be roughly sorted out. Shi Yu took a deep breath. He didn’t expect that the turning point in his previous life was actually this ruin.

In addition, this “Jade Rabbit Emperor” actually refined a medicinal pill that allowed his spatial attainments to temporarily reach the cosmic level and advance to the next era?

This Time Jade Rabbit was so exaggerated.

He didn’t know if it succeeded.

Shi Yu felt that it should have failed. At least in 11 years, he had never heard of any Time Sprite that could refine medicine.

“Senior, have a safe trip. Although you didn’t transmigrate successfully, at least your inheritor, we transmigrated successfully.”

Shi Yu looked into the tomb, wanting to dig the tomb again in this world to find the other party’s inheritance.

“Bunny, there’s something good.” Shi Yu looked at the rabbit beside him. Although he knew that it was illusory, he still planned to share the alchemy inheritance with her.

At the same time.

In the real world, in the Cosmic Sea, in the Empress Mystic Realm.

A month had passed since Shi Yu signed a contract with the Super Empress to work towards breaking through to the cosmic level.

On the first day of the contract, Shi Yu fainted during the contract process.

“Master hasn’t woken up yet?”

Almost every day, Ling brought Eleven and the other pets to visit the unconscious and sleeping Shi Yu.

“Not yet, but the contract… is still in progress.”

“I didn’t expect this situation either.” At this moment, the Super Empress was fine, but Shi Yu’s situation wasn’t ideal.

Whether it was successful or not, it shouldn’t be this sign.

However, Shi Yu fainted for no reason. No one could awaken Shi Yu, nor did they know what had happened to him.

Strangely, while Shi Yu was unconscious, the contract was still in progress and not over.

Everyone had no choice but to wait.

“We can’t continue like this.” Although Ling was very afraid of the Empress, it still said seriously, “The backlash on our bodies… is getting more and more serious.”

“What exactly happened to him?”

If it was just a month of coma, the pets could still wait.

But during this process, there was a very terrifying backlash on them.

As time passed, they were forgetting their memories of Shi Yu.

If not for Susu’s memory water drop, they might have completely forgotten about Shi Yu.

Even if he was as calm as Ling, he began to panic after a month.

The current situation was too strange.

This phenomenon made Eleven and the other beasts very afraid that they had completely forgotten about Shi Yu.

He could still recall it with Susu now, but as time passed, he had no idea what would happen.

Now, the pets were a little regretful that Shi Yu had signed a contract with the Empress. If they had known earlier, they would have listened to Qi and not let Shi Yu touch the risky contract this time.

But now, it was too late to say anything. Even the Super Empress, who had cosmic spiritual attainments, didn’t understand what had happened to Shi Yu and what was going on.

“I will…” At this moment, the Empress was just about to say something when she suddenly felt the touch of the contract. Then, she was stunned. This was because at this moment, even she, a cosmic level, couldn’t withstand the backlash of the contract. Suddenly, she felt dizzy.

Right on the heels of that, under the shocked gazes of Ling and the others, the Super Empress actually fell unconscious like Shi Yu when she contracted him previously.

“Wu!!!”

“Ning!!!” At this moment, all the pets were anxious, especially Susu. At this time, their forgotten memories were very difficult to recover with ordinary memory water droplets. Just as they recalled it, they would immediately forget, as if they had involved some higher power.

During this period, it had always been with the Empress’s help to strengthen the water droplets that they could successfully recover every time.

But now, even the Empress had gotten into trouble. Susu and the others immediately didn’t know what to do.

In the memory world of his previous life.

Shi Yu and the Empress cub had already received their inheritances.

Countless knowledge about space and time surged into Shi Yu’s brain, allowing Shi Yu’s understanding of the power of space and time to deepen.

“I was originally worried that my spatial attainments weren’t enough to break through to the cosmic level, but now that I’ve recovered the memories of this inheritance, it should be enough.” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

“Buggy, how are you?”

At this moment, Shi Yu also looked at the Jade Rabbit that had finished accepting the alchemy inheritance.

However, to Shi Yu’s surprise, the big white rabbit was looking at him in shock.

“Shi Yu, where is this?”

Shi Yu:

A familiar voice sounded, stunning Shi Yu.

“Holy shit, you came in too???” Shi Yu’s words made the Empress frown.

Soon, a memory that should have belonged to her appeared in her mind.

“Is this the memory of my previous life?”

At this moment, the Super Empress was extremely surprised.

However, when he saw her reaction, Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat.

F*ck, it was over.

From the perspective of the Empress, she had experienced her birth, injuries, and almost becoming someone’s food. She was forced to survive by acting cute.

The Super Empress: What’s this???

At that moment, the Empress was extremely shocked.

He never expected that at the start of his previous life, it was actually just an ordinary rabbit. Moreover, it almost became a meal for a familiar face.

“I want an explanation.” Before the Empress could finish speaking, Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. At this moment, many memories appeared with the Empress.