Chapter 1893 - Chapter 1893: Finally Reaching The Cosmic Level (1)

Chapter 1893: Finally Reaching the Cosmic Level (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

World King Planet.

Ever since the World King woke up, although its state was weak, it had been silently protecting the Cosmic Sea and maintaining the barrier corroded by the Dark King and the Beastmaster.

This was also to buy enough time for the Super Empress and Shi Yu.

Although the Super Empress and Shi Yu didn’t have much reason to protect the Cosmic Sea, the Dark King was destined to be mortal enemies with the cleansing star spirit. The enemy of an enemy was a friend.

With Shi Yu and the others around, they could definitely share the pressure on the World King Planet.

However, breaking through to the cosmic level was easier said than done. Even if Shi Yu displayed the aptitude of the seventh cosmic emperor, and his talent was peerless since ancient times and over two eras, the World King still felt that it was a little too impatient.

It wasn’t that it didn’t believe that Shi Yu could break through to the cosmic level, but that breaking through at the last minute in such a situation was too sharp.

If it were given the choice, even if it could break through, it would choose to settle down for hundreds of millions of years and accumulate enough confidence before trying.

As Ling’s clone arrived anxiously, the World King’s will knew that something had happened!

“Lord World King!!”

After Ling’s clone arrived at the World King Planet, it immediately summoned the World King’s will. With its peak super divine ability, it could already do it.

But whether it wanted to care or not was up to the will of the World King.

Ling’s clone was just about to tell the World King about Shi Yu and beg the World King to take a look at the situation, but suddenly, Ling’s clone was stunned.

He sensed the reversal of the situation from his main body!

Master woke up, and the Empress woke up at the cosmic level!

“Lord World King, Master has already broken through to the cosmic level. This day is worth celebrating with the entire universe. I specially came to tell Lord World King that I’m very grateful for your support. There’s no need for the congratulatory gift.”

World King:

Congratulatory gift?

Wait…

Breaking through… to the cosmic level?

The World King sent a wisp of its mind to sense the state of the Cosmic Sea. Then, it was shocked. This was because the weak state and all its energy was used to maintain the Cosmic Sea barrier, causing its perception to decrease greatly.

With this perception, it immediately discovered that the cosmic power of the entire Cosmic Sea was trembling. It could be explained as a trembling of joy and celebration, or it could be understood as fear and helpless trembling.

For the universe, it might not matter how many super divine levels there were, but a cosmic level being had already reached the point where it could give the universe a headache.

In other words, fighting at the super divine level in the universe was equivalent to giving the universe a scratch. No matter how intense the battle was, the universe wasn’t affected.

In fact, if they fought for a longer time, the damage speed wouldn’t be able to keep up with the self-healing speed of the universe.

However, the cosmic level was different. It really had the initial ability to destroy the universe. Some powerful cosmic levels were completely capable of affecting the state of the universe.

For example, the cosmic-level big boss from the last era who created the cosmic virus was aiming for the destruction of the universe.

The current Dark King was also using its relics to affect the state of the universe.

If it was said that the super divine level of most races might not be able to live for 10 billion years and could not be equal to the lifespan of the universe, the lifespan of the universe level definitely exceeded 10 billion years, reaching the point of longevity, immortality, immortal body, immortal soul, and eternal thought.

Perhaps only the self-destruction of the universe could destroy the cosmic level. Otherwise, even if it was the calamity of the universe’s laws, the cosmic emperor could easily ignore it and destroy it with a thought.

It was also because of this that when the universe wanted to restart, cosmic levels beings would use various evasive methods to survive, resist, or escape.

The World King didn’t expect Shi Yu to really succeed. He successfully contracted the Empress in such a short period of time. This was simply unbelievable.

“In the lifetime of a mortal, he has been shining for a hundred years. His cultivation time in this lifetime won’t exceed 20 years. Such a young cosmic level is an extremely ridiculous existence even in the ten eras in front of us. Perhaps the fate of this era will be different from other eras?”

The World King knew that it had to prepare a huge congratulatory gift according to this Mechanical Spirit.

The birth of a new cosmic emperor was worth celebrating with a cosmic treasure!

At the moment, with the Cosmic Sea sealed, the other cosmic levels probably didn’t know that another terrifying emperor with unlimited potential had been born here.

Empress Mystic Realm.

Although Shi Yu’s life level had reached the cosmic level after contracting the Empress, he had yet to completely reach the cosmic level. The transformation of his body and strength required time.

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at his pets with a smile. The pets also looked at him in anticipation.

Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space had the greatest change in its life level. The original small universe Beast Taming Space that was similar to a universe was only the size of a galaxy with dozens of planets. It was a small starry sky.

This scale was neither big nor small. The scale was even inferior to a first-level realm on World King Planet.

But now, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space had expanded to an endless extent. Not to mention a first-level realm, it even had hundreds of first-level realms.

Shi Yu estimated that in an instant, the scale of his Beast Taming Space might expand to a level comparable to and close to the inner space of World King Planet.

Such a large Beast Taming Space also meant that the growth nutrients Shi Yu could provide to his pets now were completely not inferior to a terrifying Star Emperor like the World King Planet.

Even if he didn’t rely on other abilities, it probably wouldn’t take much effort for Shi Yu to nurture a pet at the peak of the super divine level from scratch with just this Beast Taming Space.

As he broke through, various powers appeared on Shi Yu.