Chapter 1898 - Chapter 1898: Difficult Cosmic Level (4)

Chapter 1898: Difficult Cosmic Level (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Time passed little by little. In the blink of an eye, three days later.

Such a short period of time wasn’t enough to complete a complete breakthrough. However, it was enough to confirm that the breakthrough was impossible.

They only made a little attempt. Soon, Blue Planet and Goddess Wa stopped giving up. They realized the difficulty and that both parties couldn’t break through to the cosmic level.

The gem cat and the others also returned to reality from their comprehension.

Regarding this outcome, Shi Yu, Blue Planet, and Goddess Wa were naturally disappointed. However, it was only natural.

“What a pity.” Blue Planet shook its head. It knew its situation the best. Even if Shi Yu, as a life form on Blue Planet, could give it very strong power, its other attainments were far from reaching the standard.

For example, the use of the power of space and time.

If it wanted to break through to the cosmic level, all kinds of abilities were indispensable.

As for Goddess Wa, although it had improved a little, because Shi Yu wasn’t the first-generation human it had created and Shi Yu wasn’t a “complete Blue Planet life form”, the feedback Shi Yu brought wasn’t that huge to support its perfect breakthrough.

“It still won’t do.” Goddess Wa shook its head.

“Is that so?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but feel regretful.

“It’s alright,” Blue Planet’s Will said. “If nothing goes wrong, the future eighth, ninth, and even tenth cosmic emperors will be creatures of Blue Planet.”

“There’s still enough time to train your strength.”

“However, Shi Yu, you have spatial attainments that are enough to break through to the cosmic level in such a short period of time. It’s really unbelievable.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Actually, it’s partly luck.”

In his previous life, he had received the inheritance of a Time Sprite with the ability to temporarily reach the cosmic level. With his own strength, he could transmigrate through the Space-time Dragon Vein. The combination of the experience of both lifetimes allowed Shi Yu to successfully break through.

That memory world had more or less given him some help.

“I remember now. Perhaps you can also try to recover the power of your previous life.” Shi Yu suddenly recalled something and said, “In the previous era, Earth was a cosmic star. If Blue Planet is Earth’s next reincarnation, it means that the power of Earth was also sent to this era as a kind of fire seed.”

“Now, I can temporarily strengthen Baby Ginseng to the cosmic level. The Reincarnation Fruit created by the cosmic level might be able to let you recover some power and memories related to Earth!” Shi Yu said.

“Indeed,” Goddess Wa also said. Blue Planet was a reincarnation of Earth, and she was the first to raise this point.

“That makes sense,” Blue Planet’s Will said. It would recover the power and memories of Earth and wait for the feedback from Shi Yu’s other pets breaking through to the cosmic level…

This way, it could reach the cosmic level faster than directly absorbing the power of the universe. Perhaps this was indeed the fastest way for it to reach the cosmic level.

“As for Senior Goddess Wa…” Shi Yu said, “I failed this time. You work hard yourself next. I’m helpless.”

Goddess Wa: “?”

“Actually…” Goddess Wa was just about to say something when Shi Yu said in all seriousness, “No, don’t even think about it.”

Goddess Wa originally wanted to say that if Shi Yu was willing, it could help Shi Yu nurture the 10th era’s Hope Fire Seed that he had brought out of the ruins of Earth, which was the baby girl with Shi Yu’s bloodline.

However, Shi Yu seemed to know what Goddess Wa was thinking and directly rejected her.

The baby girl created by the cosmic creature of the last era, Goddess Wa, through Shi Yu’s bloodline could definitely be said to have cosmic potential. Perhaps her talent and aptitude weren’t inferior to the cosmic overlord, Cypos. If this baby girl was handed to Goddess Wa to nurture and revive, her cosmic level should be stable.

However, Shi Yu clearly didn’t have this thought. He said directly, “I think Emperor Shi has the intention to reincarnate. Goddess Wa, you can go take a look and help him mold a reincarnation. I think Emperor Shi also has cosmic aptitude!”

“And after this battle, we can also let Master Floating Light reincarnate on Blue Planet…”

Emperor Shi and Floating Light: ???

Emperor Shi was speechless. From the looks of it, the cosmic-level Shi Yu was no longer the sensible junior who respected his seniors and the late Emperor of Dong Huang.

His wings had indeed hardened.

He didn’t know what Shi Yu could do after becoming the holder of the universe.

From the moment Shi Yu returned to Earth, the news of him breaking through to the cosmic level had already spread in a small range, from the Blue Planet’s Will to the World Tree, to the Space Emperor, to Lin Feng, to Senior Lu, to Senior Panda…

Soon, Shi Yu’s acquaintances knew that Shi Yu had already broken through to the cosmic level and become the cosmic emperor. They couldn’t help but be shocked.

At the same time, they also knew that Shi Yu was about to join the Cosmic Sea War and fight the cosmic emperor. They couldn’t help but sweat for Shi Yu. Humans were always worried about unknown domains and incomprehensible battles.

However, after making all the preparations, Shi Yu still headed to the edge of the Cosmic Sea alone, the Void Battlefield presided over by the Environmental Protection Army, and the star domain close to the Contaminated Land.

After arriving, one could clearly see an invisible barrier that wrapped the Cosmic Sea like an egg white wrapped in egg yolk. In the invisible buffer area, filth constantly penetrated and corroded. The Dark King Army didn’t stop invading the Cosmic Sea for a moment. If it weren’t for the barrier, they would probably have already attacked.

In the Environmental Protection Army, the two Bing Lings, the Human Bing Ling and the Cleansing Star Spirit Bing Ling, were presiding. This was already the 21st meeting of the Environmental Protection Army since the Cosmic Sea entered a battle state to discuss the possible battle.

Recently, the barrier had suddenly become weak. According to speculation, it couldn’t last long.

“This battle is inevitable.” In the battle conference room, a higher-up of the Environmental Protection Association from the World King Planet sighed and said, “President Bing Ling, haven’t you received any instructions from the World King?”

“Not at the moment,” the blue-haired President Bing Ling said. “Just follow the initial command and guard the border to the death.”

“Apart from the Dark King Army, Lord World King might value the invasion of the Behemoth Empire more. There’s nothing we can do.”

The goal of the invasion of the two cosmic emperors was only to expand their territory and pollute the myriad races in the starry sky. However, the goal of the Beastmaster Army was to devour the planet and even the World King. Clearly, the Beastmaster Army was a greater threat.

Therefore, most of the troops in the Cosmic Sea were on the other side. It wasn’t that the Environmental Protection Army couldn’t understand this, but the pressure here was indeed a little too great…

It was precisely because of this pressure that soon, the battle conference room started arguing again. Indeed, no one could deny the determination of these Environmental Protection Army to protect the Guardian Cosmic Sea, but in the face of a terrifying existence like the Dark King, it was understandable for their hearts to waver.

At this moment, if they could obtain the strong support of the World King, perhaps they could stabilize the morale of the army.

However, what they waited for wasn’t the World King. As a figure suddenly tore through space and time with a powerful pressure and walked out of the pitch-black crack, the entire battle conference room suddenly felt as if it was facing a great enemy. However, when they saw the appearance of the person who came and the Starry Sky Slime on his shoulder, everyone was clearly stunned.

Under the happy expression of President Bing Ling, Shi Yu calmly looked at the many higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Army and said, “I’ve been invited by President Bing Ling. Next, I’ll preside over the Environmental Protection Army.”