Chapter 1900 - Chapter 1900: Declaring War On The Cosmic Emperor (2)

Chapter 1900: Declaring War on the Cosmic Emperor (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hey, if I say that I’ll deal with the Dark King, you guys are only in charge of protecting yourselves and cleaning up the battlefield later, is that alright?”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone present was confused and stunned.

What did Shi Yu mean?

“Who said that the only cosmic level in the Cosmic Sea is the World King?” Shi Yu looked outside, shocking everyone present.

In the Contaminated Land, as the World King relaxed the maintenance of the barrier, a wisp of dark light shot out of the Contaminated Land. At this moment, it was the most exciting moment for the thousands of Pollution Races in the Contaminated Land.

Although some pollution super divines sensed it, they didn’t expect that that person would really appear. As expected, this huge war was definitely personally planned by that person.

“You’re kidding.” In the Contaminated Land, on many mercenary planets, the mercenaries from the overlord territories dared to interfere in any war, but at this moment, some elite mercenaries smelled a bad feeling.

Many people sensed the vibration of the Sea of Stars. In the lonely starry sky, a Void Throne was slowly appearing. The dark black throne seemed to be a cosmic treasure, a supreme authority that could control the power of all pollution in the Contaminated Land.

Around it, countless illusions slowly appeared. An ugly and filthy world was forming. There were collapsed and rotten buildings everywhere. The corpses of nameless beasts that had been corroded by the plague swayed. They gradually rotted as the flying corpse worms ate them. The mottled black blood that filled the starry sky might be the last traces left behind by those corpses in this universe.

In the wail, in the terrifying and miserable starry sky, its blood-red eyes slowly opened, outlining a huge body. The Dark King sat on the throne like a huge dragon. It was all covered in dark scales. Every scale had mysterious vortex-shaped patterns. The Wings of Darkness that didn’t belong to a dragon covered the starry sky and enveloped the pollution domain formed by the throne, bringing with it the aura of absolute death.

Boom!!!

The true body of the Dark King descended. Even through a barrier, countless soldiers in the Cosmic Sea Void Battlefield felt the trembling in the depths of their souls and their scalps went numb.

Over the years, the barrier had protected the Cosmic Sea very well. Outside the barrier, the mission of a group of Environmental Protection Army soldiers was at most to investigate and guard. Although they knew that a huge battle was destined to happen one day, they didn’t expect this day to happen so quickly, and it was personally broken by the Dark Throne.

At this moment, countless polluted races that were densely packed and spread across more than ten Star Domains gathered in the starry sky. They seemed to have obtained a miracle and their strength increased greatly. Their gazes seemed to be able to cross several starry sky and their consciousness connected, staring at the Cosmic Sea barrier in front of them.

“Lord Dark King!!!”

“Lord of Pollution!!”

When the Dark King descended, the hearts of countless Pollution Races trembled. This was the first time they had seen the Dark King’s true body. When they saw the Dark King, they felt that they had fallen into a deep vortex and couldn’t extricate themselves. However, in the depths of their minds, they were extremely excited and fanatical, as if they had seen the supreme master of creation and hoped to pray for its attention.

It had been hundreds of millions of years. The first time the Dark King appeared was something that countless Pollution Races didn’t even dare to imagine. At the moment, even the Abyss Ancestor and the Pollution Race Ancestor could only accompany the Dark King like two servants.

“From today onwards, the Cosmic Sea has changed owners and belongs to the Dark King!”

The ancestor of the Pollution Race had a long and narrow body and a long face. It was a terrifying creature that emitted purple-brown plague fluctuations. Its voice resounded through the starry sky, capturing one’s soul.

On the throne, the Dark King looked ahead. Recently, it had vaguely felt uneasy and wanted to start a war as soon as possible, but unfortunately, the barrier was difficult to break through. At the moment, no matter what reason the barrier became weaker, the Contaminated Land had to launch an all-out attack as soon as possible, or else there would be more variables.

“Kill!!!” As the Origin God of the Pollution Race spoke, the army was excited. This day had finally come.

For their race, invasion was the best growth nutrition. The environment and resources of the Cosmic Sea could be polluted into something beneficial to their growth. The lives of the Cosmic Sea could also be polluted into their own race and slaves. War was the most effective way to strengthen the Pollution Race.

Although the Contaminated Land was also very large, it had been occupied by the Pollution Race for so many years. There weren’t many places suitable for pollution. The Cosmic Sea with the richest resources had long been a place that the race had coveted for a long time.

Now, as the Dark King descended and personally presided over it, the already irrational polluted creatures became even more crazy and chaotic. Their eyes were filled with turbidity, and only desire was left.

Boom!!

However, if they wanted to invade the Cosmic Sea, although the barrier was weak now, they still had to break it first. On the throne, the Dark King, who had the body of a dragon, didn’t move at all. Instead, the wild boar-like Origin God of the Pollution Race took a step forward.

Its entire body suddenly emitted an incomparably terrifying plague wave that swept through the starry sky.

“Ahhh…” At this moment, the members of the cosmic overlord army who were originally hired by the Dark King Army as mercenaries were shocked to discover that the plague fluctuations had already spread all over the starry sky. Some creatures with weak strength and weak willpower quickly had purple bubbles spreading on their bodies. Their bodies rotted, like inhuman monsters transforming.

This was only the aftermath of the power emitted by the Origin God of the Pollution Race. Black ground appeared under the feet of this peak super divine creature. It walked forward step by step, and its strength rose steadily. Originally, at the peak of the super divine level, its strength should have belonged to the end, but at this moment, the power fluctuations became incomparably terrifying. The power of the earth in the entire Contaminated Land was triggered by it, and its body was enhanced by a purer and darker pollution source. Its strength had probably already exceeded the peak of the super divine level like the Sun God General and even Goddess Wa by several times.