Chapter 1408 - Chapter 1408 I Really Don'T Want To Crack The Ruins (1)

Chapter 1408 I Really Don’t Want to Crack the Ruins (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Four Holy Ruins was finally about to open. Shi Yu had awakened and was full of energy. After the Four Holy Beasts gathered, he received the stats feedback again and felt that he was strong. He was the one in the middle of the Four Holy Beasts, Shi Yu.

According to what he knew, although the humans of the starry sky weren’t good at cultivation, it didn’t mean that they didn’t cultivate. There were all kinds of cultivation civilizations, technological modifications, mixed-blood warriors, and various factions in the cultivation world. However, when Shi Yu heard that, he felt that it was extremely difficult. Why should he suffer?

In his opinion, the Beast Tamer path was still more suitable for him. As long as his pet leveled up and he contracted more new pets, his own strength could also increase along with it. It was extremely comfortable.

“Master, this universe overlord army that came to the Four Holy Ancient City is called the Purple Sword Special Force. The leader seems to be an archeologist who specially came for the Four Holy Ruins.” After Shi Yu woke up, Ling reported the situation of the Four Holy Ancient City over the past two days to Shi Yu.

Among them, the information about the top archeologist under the universe overlord, Zi Jian, was the most popular in the ancient city. Ling said, “However, apart from the first day, passers-by have never seen this Captain Zi Jian. Someone saw her appear outside the Four Holy Ruins. She might be researching the Four Holy Ruins.”

“It’s within my expectations,” Shi Yu said. “The Cultivation Fruit is indeed a good thing. It completely suppresses my desire to explore the ruins. Otherwise, I would definitely have been hanging outside the ruins two days ago.”

After packing up, Shi Yu retracted his pets. Not everyone could enter the Four Holy Ruins. Tickets were needed. Senior Lin Feng had gotten one for Shi Yu, and it was still an advantage for Beast Tamers. With this one, Shi Yu could bring all his contracted pets in.

Shi Yu flew with his psychic power and left the ancient residence to rush to the Four Holy Ruins. At this moment, in the outside world, a sea of people surged. This rare event broadened Shi Yu’s horizons. Green Dragon, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and White Tiger evolvers appeared in the Four Holy Ancient City like they were common. There were countless of them, and the number of divine-levels might be more than ten thousand.

There were actually so many evolvers of the Four Saints. No wonder the faith items of the Four Saints were so expensive and rare here.

Shi Yu realized that compared to the traditional image of the Four Holy Beasts, Buggy and the others weren’t very special in the entire Four Holy Ancient City. Here, the humanoid Four Holy Evolvers, like Dragonmen, and the mutated Four Holy Evolvers, like the two-headed White Tiger, were also very strange.

Among them, some of the Four Holy Evolvers were alone, and some of the Four Holy Beasts had human contractors. However, no matter what, their auras weren’t weak. This made Shi Yu feel even more excited. How many faith skills did this take?

“The Four Holy Ruins are about to open…” The location of the Four Holy Ruins was a huge square. On the battlefield and in the martial arena, four broken Four Holy Statues that couldn’t be seen clearly stood in all directions of the square. This was a half-fused ruin. Most of the time, it was in a closed state. Every once in a while, it would automatically open, connecting to the era space to complete the incomplete ruin.

At this moment, the lives in the square would feel as if they were in an alternate world. They could see many battle facilities. In the battle alms, a large amount of the power of faith of the Four Saints was spread. The evolvers of the Four Saints could directly mobilize the power of faith here to fight. If they won the battle, they could further obtain a purer reward of the power of faith from the ruins.

It was no wonder that so many evolvers of the Four Saints gathered at the Four Saints Meeting.

“Enter.” The square of the Four Holy Ruins was wrapped in an absolute power. Shi Yu approached and only successfully entered after his tickets turned into ashes.

“Shi Yu, over here!” When Shi Yu arrived at the square of the Four Holy Ruins, he heard a mental shout. After searching for a target, Shi Yu discovered Senior Lin Feng. He was walking side by side with a beautiful woman in a white tiger hide shirt.

“Senior Lin Feng, Senior White…” After Shi Yu came over, he greeted Lin Feng and his contracted White Tiger.

“You’re Shi Yu. You indeed look talented.” This was the first time White Tiger Mother had seen Shi Yu. She had heard of Shi Yu’s deeds from Lin Feng, but this was the first time she had seen him.

“Senior, you flatter me.” Shi Yu smiled. At this moment, Lin Feng said, “A certain branch of the Blue Planet Dragon and Phoenix Race is also here. They’re also evolving towards the Green Dragon and the Vermillion Bird. After entering the ruins, I’ll bring you to meet them.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded, but what concerned him more at this moment was the two groups of people who suddenly flew into the ruins from a higher altitude. There were many unwritten rules in many cities on the World King Planet. Flying in some towns was fine, but flying higher depended on one’s identity. Many hot-tempered big shots weren’t very willing to have someone flying above them.

“It’s the cosmic overlord army… and people from the archeological association…” The white tiger girl said at the side. In the sky, a batch of aliens in standard battle suits flew to the ruins with a purple-haired girl as the lead. The other batch was an old man standing on the white-bearded Green Dragon. His followers were all wearing the brown archeological suit of the archeological association and flying together.

“It’s indeed her…” At this moment, Shi Yu’s heart sank the moment he saw the purple-haired girl. After hearing from Ling that an archeologist from the cosmic overlord army had come, Shi Yu immediately judged that the person who suppressed her power of the Passage of Time might be the other party.

At this moment, the two parties were close. Shi Yu could finally confirm that the other party had definitely mastered archeological skills similar to the Passage of Time, and she had cultivated it much deeper than he had.