Chapter 1404 - Chapter 1404 Birth Of The Black Tortoise (4)

Chapter 1404 Birth of the Black Tortoise (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was almost all the evolution resources of Little Quas and Turtle.

It wasn’t that Shi Yu couldn’t afford more resources, but they were still too weak. This was only their first evolution. Even if they were given super divine-level resources, they wouldn’t be able to withstand it.

This was already the limit of their potential transformation capacity, based on what Ling had deduced.

In the next moment, Little Quas swallowed the Longevity Bead. Turtle swallowed the Water Stabilization Divine Stone. At the same time, the Imperial Star Soul attached to its body. Right on the heels of that, as the will of the world, Little Zi mobilized the power of faith of the Black Tortoise to bless Little Quas and the turtle.

On Blue Planet, Shi Yu used the power of faith of the Green Dragon and the Vermillion Bird more. For example, he basically didn’t touch the faith items of the Black Tortoise and the White Tiger. At the moment, it was just nice to leave it for Turtle and the others to evolve.

Boom!!

After devouring divine-level resources, Turtle and Little Quas directly activated the Black Tortoise Fusion Technique and fused. Both parties instantly turned into a white and blue light, and an ice-blue light shot into the air with a whoosh and fused.

At the same time, two Yin Yang fish, one black and one white, appeared in the Taiji Domain and wrapped around them, instantly dyeing the blue light with a layer of black.

“Gulp.” Shorty sensed the huge aura of Turtle and Little Quas after fusing and looked forward to its evolution. It was very looking forward to it. After all, Eleven had helped it build a set of battle armor for its evolution!

“Roar!!!” During the evolution of Little Quas and Turtle, Buggy couldn’t help but roar. The new generation surpassed the old. It knew that the later evolution was beneficial. Look, a pile of divine-level resources and almost all the faith items had been used. After this evolution, its strength definitely couldn’t be bad.

Eleven and the other pets also watched their unscientific evolution eagerly.

As for why it was unscientific…

[Little Quas, from today onwards, I’ll protect you. Whoever wants to hurt the lord and you will have to shatter my shell first!]

[Speaking of which, should I go down there?]

During evolution, Turtle confessed deeply.

[You’re the Turtle Prime Minister. You’re standing on two legs. Why are you going down?] Little Quas couldn’t help but teach it a lesson.

Indeed, at this moment, as the evolution progressed, Shi Yu realized that although he had already worked very hard to pursue a traditional appearance, there were still some deviations from the evolution. The Turtle Prime Minister Race was a standing turtle. This caused the evolved Black Tortoise to still have a standing appearance.

Boom!!!

Energy Points: 811 million!

Under Ling’s detection, they had just fused and evolved to the overlord level, and their energy levels were comparable to top-notch totems. They were far stronger than Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others at the overlord level.

“Holy shit!!” Although the appearance outlined in the light was a little strange, after sensing that the life fluctuations of Turtle and Little Quas had fused into one and erupted with super potential, Shi Yu knew that the evolution was successful.

So be it if its appearance was strange, as long as it was strong!

A moment later, accompanied by a wave roar, a divine beast with a Taiji Painting-like back wrapped around and fused with a white snake. The snake head and the huge turtle’s head stood side by side, and the huge black shell turtle was born.

Boom!!

The huge turtle smashed its fists, and waves splashed in all directions with a domineering expression.

“Lord! I’m invincible!” Turtle’s appearance looked much fiercer, and it was no longer that silly blue turtle.

At the same time, because of the fusion and evolution, new skills were born in the new Black Tortoise.

This time, they added three new skills.

What made Shi Yu feel like shit was that these three skills were actually all quasi-divine faith skills. This… was simply the first time.

Even when the first team evolved, they weren’t as fierce as them. Was this the charm of fusion evolution?

On average, 1.5 per person seemed to be alright.

“Ling, record the skill,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes!”

First, [Name]: Black Tortoise Divine Power

[Stats]: Water

< Introduction > It’s a quasi-divine-level faith skill. It can reverse Yin and Yang and be born from death. It can transform negative damage into its own life force or condense into a source of life for the believer.

This was a skill similar to the Undying Golden Body, but this skill was stronger. The Black Tortoise could share the life force it obtained with others. This was definitely another powerful healer after Baby Ginseng. Shi Yu was very satisfied.

Second, [Name]: Dark North Shield

[Attributes]: Water, Space

< Introduction > It’s a quasi-divine-level faith skill. It’s the strongest defense. It can condense the Dark North Shield to help oneself or the target of protection avoid injuries. The highest it can achieve is absolute defense.

This skill also made Shi Yu involuntarily praise it. This was an extreme defense skill. As long as there was enough power of faith, even at the demigod level, it could defend against a super divine attack. If it was combined with Faith Overdraft, it could be considered the strongest defense in Shi Yu’s team.

Third, [Name]: Seal of Sea Suppression

[Stats]: Water, Ice, Spirit

< Introduction > It’s a quasi-divine-level faith skill. It can condense a huge snake-striped shell mark. The divine seal doesn’t have any attack ability, but it can suppress all violent phenomena and calm them down.

The last skill exceeded Shi Yu’s expectations. To Shi Yu’s surprise, his Black Tortoise looked extremely ferocious, but the three skills were all support-type faith skills.

However, the Sea Suppressing Seal didn’t look like it had the ability to attack, but in the face of ferocious moves, it seemed to be more useful than any attack move. It was also the use of the power of laws. Was the power of the abyss violent? It could still be suppressed. Was Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction violent? If it calmed down, it might not necessarily have much power.

The power of a cosmic disaster was undoubtedly more violent, but perhaps this skill could also suppress it. This skill had extraordinary meaning. This seemed to be a skill that had reached the extreme in a certain direction.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, the three skills were all very fierce. However, if he wanted the Black Tortoise to have stronger battle power, it looked like he still had to go to the Four Saints Meeting to replicate a few attack skills.

“Master, Master.” At this moment, the turtle was still waiting for Shi Yu’s praise.

“Be quiet.” Little Quas wrapped itself around the turtle and sensed its current strength. It took a deep breath and felt that it was unbelievable. However, it also looked at Shi Yu in anticipation, waiting for Shi Yu to praise their strength after evolution.

“It’s indeed not bad. I look forward to your performance in the God Sealing Battle,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Now, he was certain that the second team could also be qualified to fight in the God Sealing Battle! As long as its skills were maxed out!

“Roar!!!” Little Ji and the other pets also nodded crazily. They also shared the Black Tortoise’s skill through Shi Yu.

Not bad, not bad.

“When you train in the future, you can train Duckie to death. There’s no need to be afraid of killing you,” Duckie said. It felt a threat from the Black Tortoise.

Turtle, Little Quas:???

Shorty trembled at the side. Fortunately, its evolved skills were definitely not defensive. White Tiger, God of War, God of Slaughter, mainly killed and fought!! It was definitely not the target to be beaten up.

…

On the other side, in the battleship of the cosmic overlord army.

Zi Jian looked at the cultivation fruits served by his subordinate and took one. “This is the Cultivation Fruit.”

“Yes, Lord Zijian, we’ve already verified it through the channels of the plant association. The effect of this fruit has indeed been appraised by the plant association, and the internal evaluation is quite high. You can eat it without worry.”

“But the verification says that the fruit has a strong strange smell and requires extremely strong willpower to withstand it,” an alien in a research suit said.

“It’s alright.”

The one Zi Jian was holding was created by Baby Ginseng early on and was kept to sell at the Four Saints Meeting. It was just that the taste was poor, but the smell didn’t show. After Zi Jian held it in her hand, she wanted to immediately verify the effect of the Cultivation Fruit, so she simply took a big bite.

In the next moment.

“Ugh…” She leaned forward, her face turning white and purple, and she was instantly covered in sweat.

The stench that went deep into her soul made it a little difficult for her, a divine-level, to resist. She almost lost her composure.

“Lord Zijian, Lord Zijian… You… Are you alright…” The white-robed researcher was shocked.

“Damn it, is this for humans to eat???” said the purple-haired girl angrily.