Chapter 1406 - Chapter 1406 Crooked Evolution (2)

Chapter 1406 Crooked Evolution (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Of course, apart from that, Shi Yu also had a platinum gem. This divine-level platinum gem came from Blue Planet and was obtained from Ancient God Golden Bull. It was born in a metal-element mineral vein under a battlefield and contained strong murderous power.

It was also brought over by Shi Yu, preparing to give it to Shorty as an evolution resource for the White Tiger. Apart from that, Shi Yu also got Eleven to create a battle armor for the Shorty that contained strong battle will and could increase the battle will.

It was forged with Metal Control, Superalloy, and many other methods to imitate the Battle God Body. Shi Yu’s concept was that during the evolution process, Shorty could use Metal Control to fuse with this Battle God Armor with Eleven’s cooperation and achieve an all-round increase. Not only did its eyes evolve, but its body also had to evolve.

Then, it was time for some general resources. These resources were definitely not as much as what Little Quas and Turtle had. After all, Shorty was only an individual. If there were too many resources, it wouldn’t be good either. After all, evolution wasn’t a one-time thing, but a long-term job.

“Meow!!!” Shorty put on the white-gold armor that Eleven had created. It was very malleable. This armor also had a pair of platinum wings and was very cool. If it weren’t for the fact that Shorty was too small and short, it would definitely look majestic.

Right on the heels of that, Shorty looked at the White Tiger Eye that had condensed the core power of all the White Tiger faith items on Blue Planet and a platinum gem born under the battlefield of gods.

In ancient times, the Guardian Teacher of Ancient Capital University, Ying, had relied on the gem eye to absorb more than ten rare gemstones to complete the strongest evolution. Now, it, Shorty, had relied on the Gem King Eye to absorb two divine-level gemstones to evolve… It wasn’t a problem.

If it was used to improve its strength, Shorty’s body definitely wouldn’t be able to withstand it. But now, it was basically no problem to only use it as an evolution resource to strengthen the potential of its race with the support of Shi Yu and the entire team.

“Gem King Eye, Metal Control, increase points!”

Shi Yu and Shorty entered a mental resonance state and began to add points.

Buzz!!!

At the same time, under the Metal Control of Shorty, the two gemstones slowly fused into its left and right eyes. In the next moment, an extremely strong deterrence erupted from its body. The powerful deterrence wave swept up killing intent and warpath, as if it was enough to deter totems!!

Boom!!

A dazzling platinum light completely enveloped Shorty.

Ling and the others watched intently. The White Tiger was a war god and also a god of killing. Eleven’s battle armor provided the strengthening of battle will. The Platinum Pearl increased the strengthening of the killing power, and the White Tiger Eye, which had absorbed the power of faith, ensured that Shorty could successfully evolve into a White Tiger.

This was an evolution path that basically matched science. Under the light of evolution, Shorty was indeed as Shi Yu and the others had imagined. Its aura suddenly increased, and its body kept enlarging. Soon, it went from a shorty that was far from knee-high to a short tiger that was still not as tall as Shi Yu.

“Roar!!!” The roar of the hundred gods king surged out of the white light. The substantialized deterrence killing intent turned into a storm of light. Turtle and Little Quas swallowed their saliva. Only the two of them clearly felt deep fear.

The deterrence of Shorty was definitely extremely intimidating to those of the same level!

“This…” During the evolution process of Shorty, Shi Yu’s expression changed again and again.

He was first happy, then puzzled.

He was happy that Shorty seemed to have succeeded in successfully fusing with the battle armor Eleven had given him. Although the thought didn’t seem to be control, but to treasure the leader’s gift well, it was good that it succeeded.

However, what made Shi Yu speechless was the skill that the short cat had awakened!

There were a total of four! Just like Turtle, Little Quas, and the others, they were all support skills!

Three super, two ordinary super, and one faith super.

The last was a quasi-divine-level faith skill.

The first ordinary super level, Killing Wind!

This was a dual-element skill of metal and wind. Eleven had once mastered it, but it was later fused. Perhaps it was because it had inherited Eleven’s battle armor or because of the Platinum Pearl, but this skill was passed down to Shorty again.

Although this matched Shorty, it didn’t receive Shi Yu’s attention. It wasn’t the powerful skill he was looking forward to.

The second skill, [Name]: White Tiger Demon

[Attributes]: Metal, Spirit

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > Every time you kill/defeat an enemy, your battle power, vitality, and spiritual power will receive a temporary increase without side effects. The stronger the enemy you kill/defeat, the greater the increase.

Shi Yu was quite satisfied with this ability. As expected of the White Tiger, it was a battle god and a killing god. This skill was too suitable for the battlefield.

Third Skill, [Name]: White Tiger Armor

[Attributes]: Metal

[Level]: Super faith skill

< Introduction > It can condense the White Tiger Armor that increases the enhancement attribute in all aspects through the power of faith. The stronger the power of faith, the stronger the increase!

Upon receiving this, Shi Yu could still accept it. Although there were no clear attack skills, it was still a system.

Deterrence and murderous wind reduced the enemy state. The White Tiger Evil killed weak enemies and strengthened itself. The White Tiger Armor strengthened itself to the limit. At this moment, it was a big move in a normal battle. It was enough to have the Metal Control to mainly kill.

However, what made Shi Yu’s balls hurt the most was that the quasi-divine-level faith skill he looked forward to the most was completely an unexpected skill.

Fourth Skill, [Name]: Treasure Hunting White Tiger