Chapter 1403 - Chapter 1403 Birth Of The Black Tortoise (3)

Chapter 1403 Birth of the Black Tortoise (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If the effect was good, she could take one to the plant-type super divine life form in the army and help the other party nurture more and modify and upgrade it.

As for a planet and an epoch faith item? It was indeed a very rare thing for ordinary divine-levels.

But to her, it was no different from trash. As long as she was happy, she could give it away.

“Yes.” The Darekians nodded.

In the store, after the Octopus Star person came out, he conveyed his superior’s intention.

“It can be traded,” the Octopus Star Man said.

As soon as it finished speaking, Ling, Chi Tong, Buggy, and the others immediately found it unbelievable. Was this the universe overlord army? So heroic, much more generous than the plant association.

If they had known earlier that the universe overlord army would come, why would they have sold the items to the plant association? It would have been better to use them all to trade with the universe overlord army.

The plant association was so poor!

…

Next, Chi Tong and the others could be said to have returned with a load. Apart from an era faith item that looked like a green dragon scale, there was also a huge space planet.

This planet was stored in an equipment called Planet Stone. Layers of nesting dolls were equipment unique to the universe overlord army to store planets.

Planets were bought for Qi.

Qi was a Space-time Sprite and basically didn’t have much battle power. With this space planet, after refining it into arms, it could have initial self-protection abilities.

This star’s quality wasn’t low. If it could nurture life, it would at least be an intermediate star, and it was a rare space planet. Ling and the others also firmly locked onto this and didn’t let go.

As it was something his superior had specifically asked for, the Octopus Star people could only carry out the transaction.

In the ancient residence, Shi Yu and the others were extremely happy after bringing back a pile of gains.

After defeating Little Ji, Duckie, and Little Zi several times at cards, it was also extremely surprised. It didn’t expect that everyone could buy it a planet when they went out to shop.

“Qi, there’s no hurry to teach you the Star Refinement skill. This planet can’t be released here.”

“Let’s evolve Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty first,” Shi Yu said.

Apart from buying planets and epoch faith items, he had also bought evolution resources.

“Yes!!” Qi wasn’t in a hurry. It also knew that it would take a long time to add points to the maximum level of the Star Refinement skill.

In Little Zi’s body, the world of stars.

Shi Yu prepared to complete the evolution of Turtle and Little Quas first.

At this moment, Turtle and Little Quas’ stats were as follows.

[Turtle]

Stats: Water

Race: Longevity Turtle

Race Level: High-level Monarch

Growth Level: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]

“Low Level”: Spin Impact (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Level”: Water of Life (expert+11), Water Element Control (expert+11)

[Taught Skill]

“Advanced Level”: Deterrence (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Level”: Black Tortoise Fusion Technique (transcendent)

…

[Little Quas]

Stats: Water, Quas

Race: Winter Water Snake

Race Level: Low-level overlord

Growth Level: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Water/Quasi Elemental Control (expert+11), Absolute Zero (expert+11), Vortex Strangulation (expert+11)

[Taught Skill]

“Advanced Level”: Deterrence (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Level”: Black Tortoise Fusion Technique (transcendent)

Shi Yu had basically fused all their skills, leaving only the temporary fusion evolution skill, Water/Quasi Elemental Control, and the Turtle Snake Fusion Technique he had obtained from Emperor Wu.

Oh, the turtle even retained the elemental skill, Turtle Ramming.

Of course, although they had learned the transcendent Black Tortoise Fusion Technique, Turtle and Little Quas had never used it…

But today, driven by the evolution trend, they were finally going to make their first attempt.

“Wu…” Shorty stared intently, afraid that it would miss any details. The other pets also ran over to help, wanting to see what potential the little guys of the second team had after evolution.

“In theory, this is only your first evolution. There’s no need to be nervous,” Shi Yu said. “This is only a fusion evolution completed on the foundation of the Longevity Turtle and the Winter Water Snake. In the future, you can still complete the evolution alone on the foundation of the Longevity Turtle and the Winter Water Snake. Then, right on the heels of that, you can fuse and evolve. At that time, the evolution state will be stronger.”

“Lord!!” The turtle had a serious expression.

It would never forget today’s kindness!

Not only could it become stronger, but it could also… It looked at Little Quas and could also stick to it.

This was simply like a dream.

“Minister, I’m ready.” Little Quas was also in a strange mood and was already mentally prepared.

“Alright.” Shi Yu took a deep breath and directly activated the Taiji Domain.

The Black Tortoise Fusion Technique created by Emperor Wu secretly matched the Yin Yang Great Dao.

The Taiji Domain that contained the Yin Yang laws could clearly increase their evolution to a certain extent.

In the Yin Yang Taiji Domain, Turtle and Little Quas looked at each other.

“Resources!” Ling threw out the purchased evolution resources.

Divine-level resources, the Longevity Bead, such as the Eternal Flower that Shi Yu had consumed, could strengthen Enhancement life forms. They came from the Undying Shell of the Star God Race.

Divine-level resources, the Water Calming Divine Stone, could control the power of divine water. It contained the law of suppression and was mainly the power of suppression.

Divine-level resources, the Imperial Star Soul, contained the power of the stars. The Imperial Law came from a low-level life star. It was mainly defensive power and was one of the few water-element stars with the strongest defense.

In addition, the Turtle Snake Fusion Technique from Emperor Wu, the pile of Black Tortoise faith items brought from Blue Planet, as well as the divine-level fruits and divine-level energy crystals created by Baby Ginseng and Susu…