Chapter 1402 - Chapter 1402 Birth Of The Black Tortoise (2)

Chapter 1402 Birth of the Black Tortoise (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling fell into deep thought. Then, it took out the inheritance crystal made of the Reincarnation Fruit, the Cultivation Fruit, and the inheritance water droplet.

“Let me see.” The Octopus Star person first looked at the inheritance crystal that it could determine at a glance and said, “Oh? An inheritance tool that contains the prototype of the Destruction Law?”

It was slightly surprised and said, “It’s indeed a good thing, but this thing isn’t very useful to us. It’s not very rare.”

“We have many inheritance crystals, including blank inheritance crystal balls,” Ling said.

The Octopus Star person was also silent for a moment. Then, it nodded and said, “Alright, let’s look at other things first.”

It looked at the Cultivation Fruit and the Reincarnation Fruit and said, “What are these? I can’t tell.”

“This is the Effect Appraisal Certificate of the plant association.” Chi Tong took out the Effect Appraisal Certificate of the Reincarnation Fruit and the Cultivation Fruit. The originally indifferent Octopus Star Man’s gaze finally changed after seeing the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit.

The power of the Time Fruit and the power of reincarnation awakened the multiple effects of the power of its previous life, making it think of the three-lifetime soil of the super divine resource.

The three-lifetime soil was said to be a super divine resource that could allow the user to obtain the power of their previous life, the peak power of the present, and the power of future reincarnation. Moreover, it was permanent. Although this Reincarnation Fruit was temporary, it was enough to be called a low-level three lifetimes soil. In its opinion, the rarity was much higher than the inheritance crystal ball.

They were part of Lord Zijian’s archeological army and often explored dangerous ruins. This Reincarnation Fruit that was enough to protect their lives was more meaningful. Secondly, in some ancient ruins, they often excavated some ancient creatures that used their sleeping and reincarnation abilities to maintain their lives. With this fruit, the efficiency of researching them would be higher.

“How many of these do you have?” the Octopus Star person asked.

“Not much. This is very rare. We also accidentally obtained some,” Ling said. “10 Reincarnation Fruits, 10 Cultivation Fruits, and a pile of inheritance crystals in exchange for an era faith item and a planet.”

The Octopus Star Man said, “In your dreams!”

Ling, Chi Tong, Buggy: “…”

Damn it.

Ling said, “We can still add some divine-level energy crystals. Why don’t you ask your superiors? What if they agree?”

The Octopus Star person also knew that it had to ask for instructions to discover rare resources. It looked at the divine-level Cultivation Fruit again and realized that it could actually be used by humans. It was slightly tempted.

Lord Zijian had less cultivation time. It was either on the archeological path or sleeping in the nutritional cabin on the trip. Although this mainly had an obvious effect at Level 9, it wasn’t entirely ineffective at Level 10. If the amount was large enough, perhaps Lord Zijian would like it.

“Wait a minute.” The octopus turned around and returned to the room.

At the same time.

On a tall building not far from the entrance of the unopened Four Holy Ruins, the archeologist of the cosmic overlord army, Zi Jian, was sitting on it, shaking her legs and looking at the empty sky with a burning gaze.

In the eyes of outsiders, there was nothing. However, in her eyes, it was as if she could see an alternate space connected by countless spatial threads, or as if she could see a cosmic chessboard. The aftermath was difficult to solve.

Her hand touched the sky and kept changing like a net. The surrounding spatial ripples flickered. In the end, she sighed and said, “No wonder no one has been able to crack it for so long. It’s indeed a little difficult. Before the ruins opened, I couldn’t find the loophole in this ruin either.”

“Lord Zijian, two rare divine-level resources that we’ve never seen before were discovered by the merchant group. The other party wants to use these to exchange for planets and epoch faith items. You need to decide,” a Darekian said.

“What resource?” the purple-haired girl asked. In the next moment, she obtained information about Reincarnation Fruit and the Cultivation Fruit from the guard. When she heard the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit, she only nodded slightly. However, after hearing the effect of the Cultivation Fruit, her eyes lit up.

The Cultivation Fruit could allow a Level 10 user to automatically meditate and cultivate during the sleeping process to develop their Beast Taming Ability and Beast Taming Space. The cultivation speed, depending on the user’s level and talent, was 1 to 100 times faster than normal sober cultivation. There were no side effects, and the effect was best when used in a weak state. The fruit was a little strange.

“There’s such a resource?” The purple-haired girl was surprised. In the eyes of ordinary people, this resource might be very useless. Who didn’t know how to meditate, cultivate, and develop talent? Spending a lot of money to buy the automatic Cultivation Fruit was simply wasteful behavior.

However, for geniuses who were nervous for some time and wanted to become stronger quickly and grasp every minute and second, this fruit that could automatically cultivate while sleeping could ensure that they could cultivate without rest and maximize their cultivation efficiency.

Of course, she found this fruit interesting purely because she was busy with work and didn’t have much time to meditate and cultivate to develop additional abilities other than cracking ruins.

As cracking the ruins consumed a lot of energy, when the battleship traversed the universe, she basically slept in the nutritional cabin to recover her state. She basically wasted her time.

It could be said that she was in her 200s and had spent at least 180 years sleeping on interstellar travel.

This Cultivation Fruit was simply tailor-made for her. The effect of the weak state was actually better. Amazing!

“It doesn’t matter. Exchange it for them,” Zi Jian said. She wanted to try the effect of this Cultivation Fruit.