Chapter 1401 - Chapter 1401 Birth Of The Black Tortoise (1)

Chapter 1401 Birth of the Black Tortoise (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Four Holy Ancient City.

On the transaction street, Chi Tong and the others, who were shopping, went pretty smoothly.

What they needed were ordinary faith items from the Four Holy Beasts that contained the power of faith. The evolution resources of the four holy beasts were everything here.

With Shi Yu’s current wealth, buying these wasn’t a problem.

The only thing that might make things a little difficult for Shi Yu and the others was the faith item of the era.

This thing was really expensive. However, Shi Yu and the others had proven through experiments that Buggy couldn’t avoid this if it wanted to learn Faith Overdraft.

“Black Tortoise evolution resource, purchase completed.”

“White Tiger evolution resource, purchase completed.”

“Vermillion Bird faith item, purchase completed.”

“Alright, we’re just short of the faith item of the Epoch Green Dragon.”

After spending a sum of money relatively easily, Ling, Chi Tong, and the others were stumped by Buggy’s resources.

The remaining energy crystals were definitely not enough to buy an era faith item.

They could only try to barter.

But the problem was that there was no chance to barter for them. The faith items of the era weren’t sold in ordinary places at all.

Such a scarce resource might only be seen in the next large-scale auction.

At that time, it would be impossible to use a bunch of messy resources to bid.

Therefore, they could only throw the goods they had prepared to sell into the auction in advance or sell them to others in advance in exchange for universal currency.

At the thought of this, they went straight to the largest auction in the Four Holy Ancient City.

However, during the process of heading there, they were suddenly attracted by the exchange of passers-by.

“The merchant group of the cosmic overlord army… has also started the transaction?”

In the room, Shi Yu, who was still enjoying Eleven’s massage, fell into deep thought when he heard the pets’ report.

After the cosmic overlord army descended, the accompanying merchant group immediately occupied a place in the Four Holy Ancient City and started trading.

They were buying rare treasures at a price that far exceeded the market price. At the same time, they were also selling some goods unique to the universe overlord army.

A large number of Beast Tamers and cosmic life forms had already swarmed over. Although the cosmic overlord army was terrifying, its reputation was pretty good in transactions.

Chi Tong and the others meant to go there and see if they could sell the Reincarnation Fruit and the Cultivation Fruit to the merchant group of the cosmic overlord army. Then, they could see if there were any planets to buy.

“Well… Let’s go take a look,” Shi Yu said.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Chi Tong, Ling, Buggy, and the others immediately headed in the direction of the merchant group of the cosmic overlord army.

At this moment, a town in a city had already been instantly built around the huge cosmic battleship. There were dozens of shops, allowing the merchant group of the cosmic overlord army to do business here in peace.

Just as they arrived, the worries in Chi Tong and the others were dispelled. This was because there was an endless stream of people coming here. Many Beast Tamers and evolvers of the Four Holy Beasts rushed in.

A moment later, Chi Tong and the others brought a group of babies to a relatively small store. After queuing for a while, they successfully entered.

The businessman inside was a standing starry sky octopus with eyes. Chi Tong, Ling, and the others called him the Octopus Star Man for the time being.

“What do you want to buy and sell?” The Octopus Star Man looked at the mini battleship beside him and the pile of babies in the Death Sword Maiden, Chi Tong’s hand.

“Are you selling planets here? What about the Epoch Green Dragon’s faith items,” Ling asked.

“Oh, you want to buy a planet? The faith item of the Epoch Green Dragon?” The Octopus Star person revealed a surprised expression and looked at Ling.

“These are all rare goods. Even we didn’t bring much this time.”

Chi Tong and Ling were delighted. There were really both.

“We want to take a look.”

“Sure.” The Octopus Star person chuckled and took out a virtual mechanical life form. The screen turned and aimed at Chi Tong and the others.

“We only sell top-notch planets. There are only four planet goods this time. It’s first come, first served. It’s now or never.”

“As for the faith items of the Epoch Green Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the White Tiger, it’s also now or never.”

“Take a look yourselves.”

With that said, the screen displayed the pictures and small text introduction of the 12 goods.

Four planets, one red, one white, one blue, and one green.

The eight faith items had strange forms. There were complete statues and scattered materials, such as dragon scales, sparrow feathers, and turtle shells…

“Daylight robbery!” Buggy also climbed onto Chi Tong’s shoulder and looked at the epoch faith item priced at 9,999 divine-level energy crystals. It was stunned.

Even if 10 idiots fought for the epoch faith item at the Four Holy Ancient City Auction, it was impossible for it to be so expensive.

The Octopus Star Man said, “This can be ignored. Our army doesn’t lack energy crystals. Such rare goods only accept bartering, so you just have to take out treasures we think are equivalent.”

“Including buying a planet.”

“After you take it out, I’ll appraise the rarity of the treasure. Then, I’ll report to my superiors if you want to trade.”

“Of course, if you’re willing to trade with priced energy crystals, we also accept…”

Chi Tong and the others were silent. They looked at the 12 goods with ridiculous prices and fell into deep thought.

Putting aside the items of faith, there were four planets, a fire planet, a space planet, a water planet, and a wood planet.

Among them, the space planet was the largest, and its interior was the most stable. The spatial power was strong.

Although the other planets were smaller, they also had their own uses. For example, that wood-element planet used its power as a farm. It was enough to nurture super divine-level plant resources.