Chapter 1405 - Chapter 1405 Crooked Evolution (1)

Chapter 1405 Crooked Evolution (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On Shi Yu’s side, after evolving Turtle and Little Quas, Shi Yu discovered many unbelievable changes.

“Speaking of which, the two of you only seem to occupy one contract slot now. What’s going on?”

Shi Yu felt that not only were the life forms of the current fused Little Quas and the Turtle completely a life individual, but even the contract slot requirement for the Beast Taming Space had only become one.

Even the skill index regarded the Black Tortoise as an individual at this moment. This made Shi Yu fall into deep thought. Then, did adding some skills now mean that adding it once was equivalent to upgrading the skills of both pets at the same time?

“Eh?” When Shi Yu said that, the other pets also discovered this strange phenomenon. They sized up Turtle and Little Quas.

After being observed by so many seniors, Turtle and Little Quas immediately felt embarrassed. They scratched their heads and said, “Perhaps this means that our evolution is more successful?”

“But their minds are still two independent individuals,” Little Quas said.

“You guys split up and take a look,” Shi Yu said. “Remove the fusion.”

“Yes, my lord/minister.”

After Shi Yu gave the order, Turtle and Little Quas directly separated. The originally fused Black Tortoise immediately divided into two. Both parties used the Black Tortoise Fusion Technique in reverse and immediately returned to the blue and white silly turtle and the blue and white queen snake form.

“Ah…” Turtle shouted. It felt that its strength had fallen very seriously, and it was weak.

“Wu…” Little Quas also felt its strength decrease. At the same time, it felt its connection with the turtle decrease.

Not only did they sense it, but Shi Yu also realized that after dispelling the fusion, the strength of both parties immediately became that of ordinary overlords. Although they still had the battle power of invincible overlords and had more than 100 million energy points, it was definitely impossible for them to have the battle power to suppress ordinary totems above their level like before.

“Faith skills… can’t be used anymore, right?” Shi Yu said. He realized that Turtle and Little Quas had already recovered into a situation where two contract slots were needed.

Turtle and Little Quas nodded…

“Fusion evolution can be done this way…” He didn’t know if he could use this bug to contract another pet.

After the contract was completed, what would the outcome be if they separated?

Shi Yu felt that the Beast Taming Space would be destroyed.

“Looks like those three powerful faith skills indeed have a price.” Shi Yu nodded. The Black Tortoise divine power with the effect of reviving the dead, the strongest defense of the Dark North Shield, and the Sea Suppression Seal that could calm violent disasters… To be honest, Shi Yu felt that it was a little broken. Even if he used a lot of evolution resources, it was a little ridiculous for it to evolve to this extent.

But if it was the combination of two pets that could display such power, it was understandable.

“Then in the future, the two of you have to partner more. Of course, I’ll also nurture your normal state next,” Shi Yu said. The normal Turtle and Little Quas were the monarch races and overlord races. If they cultivated their normal states into top-notch god races before fusing, how strong would the Black Tortoise be?

This made Shi Yu feel that among the four holy beasts, the Black Tortoise was the one with the strongest battle power. However, among the various myths and legends he studied, there were also those who said that the Green Dragon was the strongest, those who said that the White Tiger was the strongest, and those who said that the Vermillion Bird was the strongest… Everyone was right.

Perhaps… the era ruins of the archeological Four Holy Beasts could one day let him find the answer to this question. Who had the strongest battle power among the Four Holy Beasts?

As Turtle and Little Quas nodded, Shi Yu also looked at Shorty and said, “Alright, it’s your turn to evolve.”

“Meow!!!” Shorty was eager to give it a try and couldn’t wait anymore.

A faint “king” character was reflected in its sapphire-like dazzling eyes.

According to the normal trajectory, Shorty could only evolve with the levelless gem eye. At most, it would evolve into battle power like Teacher Ying. Shi Yu wasn’t very satisfied.

Therefore, on Shorty, Shi Yu also practiced the dog gambling theory and fused its skills.

[Shorty]

Stats: Metal

Race: Treasure Hunting, Gem Cat (Treasure Hunting Cat and Gem Cat hybrid)

Race Level: High-level Monarch

Growth Level: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Metal Control (expert+11), Gem King Eye (expert+11)

This guy originally had the gem eye and the skill of deterrence, but under Shi Yu’s fusion, it directly became Gem King Eye.

The Gem King Eye, a super deterrence and evolution skill, could vividly display the deterrence of a king through its eyes. At the same time, it could also absorb various gems to grow and evolve.

Compared to the levelless gem eye, the upper limit of the Gem King Eye was clearly higher. Even Eleven was a little envious of this skill. The word “king” could flicker in its eyes. So cool!

Unfortunately, it was a panda, not a gem cat. It couldn’t learn this skill.

Shi Yu and the others bought an evolution resource outside for Shorty.

The growth-type divine-level resource, the Eye of the White Tiger, was actually a metal-element star core with a special nature. It could absorb the power of faith of the White Tiger and use it as a carrier to condense into a universal evolution resource suitable for tiger-type creatures to evolve into the White Tiger. It was very popular on the World King Planet. It was a research result discovered and obtained by a famous feeder on the World King Planet.

As long as it absorbed enough power of faith from the White Tiger, it could grow into a divine-level resource at most.

With this more suitable carrier to carry the power of faith, there was no need for Little Zi and Buggy to control the White Tiger power of faith on the faith items to directly bless Shorty. It could directly choose the evolution method that Shorty was most familiar with and most suitable for.