Chapter 1407 - Chapter 1407 Crooked Evolution (3)

Chapter 1407 Crooked Evolution (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Attributes]: Metal, Space

[Level]: Quasi Divine-level faith skill

< Introduction > It contains the mutated law of metal that has fused with the White Tiger’s power of faith. It has the ability to sense rare treasures and can make one rich.

“This…” Shi Yu was at a loss. As the evolution light dissipated, a short White Tiger in platinum armor appeared. Although it looked impressive, it still looked like a fangirl when facing the seniors and the Beast Tamer.

“Meow!!!” Shorty wore majestic armor and flapped the platinum wings attached to the armor.

“This skill is good. In any case, no matter how hard I work, I can’t surpass my seniors. Why don’t I use this skill to help everyone earn money!” Shorty was very happy—even happier than when it awakened battle skills.

Shi Yu was speechless.

It made sense.

The cat brought in money indeed… Turtle, Little Quas, and the other pets had just seen Shorty’s majestic evolution, but in the blink of an eye, they were also stunned. They didn’t expect Shorty to actually evolve into a Treasure Hunting White Tiger.

Ridiculous…

Although Shorty was a hybrid of the Treasure Hunting Cat and the Gem Cat, the entire team didn’t expect it to evolve into the Treasure Hunting White Tiger.

“As expected of the cat brought out by Teacher Ying…”

A team of pets pointed at it.

“White Tiger is the God of War and the God of Killing. It has many divine powers, such as Evil Avoidance, Disaster, Praying Abundance, Punishment, Promoting Good, Getting Rich, and Marriage.” At this moment, Ling said, “Actually, it’s already very perfect. At least, it didn’t awaken any attack-type divine power.”

“Becoming rich is what we lack.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu smiled. That made sense. If Shorty awakened any powerful battle abilities, it would really not be very useful. Even if it was to avoid evil, avoid disaster, and become rich, it wasn’t as important as becoming rich to the current Shi Yu and the others.

Even a universe overlord was so passionate about doing business. Money was definitely a good thing.

Without money, it was too uncomfortable.

Attack skills were easy to replicate, but Shi Yu had rarely heard of skills like Treasure Hunting White Tiger.

In short, he was lucky.

F*ck, Teacher Gem Cat’s Wish Star, Shorty’s Treasure Hunting White Tiger, and Ling’s Wind of Luck. Shi Yu felt that this configuration was invincible. At the moment, Ling was also undergoing its own modification. If it wanted to learn Future Prediction, Shi Yu had replicated this skill from the owl. However, if Baby Ginseng couldn’t learn it, it would be very bad. He still had to rely on Ling, who had stronger learning abilities. At that time, with the full configuration, no one could defeat it.

Shorty’s evolution was crooked, but not completely.

“Come!” Shi Yu smiled. The short white tiger immediately put away its armor and turned into a big cat. It pounced into Shi Yu’s arms and rubbed against him coquettishly.

“By the way, I feel that there’s something wrong with the Four Holy Beasts in our team…”

“The Green Dragon didn’t evolve from a dragon, but from a Green Silkworm…”

Buggy looked proud.

“The Vermillion Bird is just a clone… not its main body…”

Chi Tong pinched the spare ingredient, the Vermillion Bird clone, from its shoulder with one hand and examined it. The Vermillion Bird clone cried.

“The Black Tortoise is standing…”

Under Little Quas’s gaze, the turtle tried to lie down in silence, but it was awkward no matter what.

“The White Tiger is wearing armor and is so short. The Killing God of War is clearly the main stats, but in the end, the Moneymaker Stats have the upper hand…”

Shorty roared softly. Was it its fault that it was short? If it wanted to become taller, it could optimize its race at any time, but wasn’t it because it was used to walking in this body ratio…

The turtle nodded. It was the same. Standing… was purely out of habit!

“Forget it, in short, it’s done. The Four Holy Beasts have gathered. I’m going to sleep and rest,” Shi Yu shouted.

…

Two days later, Shi Yu woke up because today was the day the Four Holy Ruins opened. Although he had yet to think of whether to let Buggy and Chi Tong register, the rare era ruin had descended. After rubbing his eyes, he still planned to take a look.