Chapter 1409 - Chapter 1409 I Really Don'T Want To Crack The Ruins (2)

Chapter 1409 I Really Don’t Want to Crack the Ruins (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“That’s the president of the Heavenly Spirit Domain Archeological Association, Zong Jie, but his more important identity is that of a member of the Green Dragon family. The arrival of Zi Jian indeed attracted the other party out.” Lin Feng clicked his tongue in wonder.

Both parties were important figures. Let alone the cosmic overlord army; the other was a bottomless expert of the Green Dragon family. The Green Dragon family was naturally extraordinary since it could be named after the Green Dragon. Their patriarch was the only Green Dragon evolver who had survived to the super divine level. The branch of the Green Dragon family was also spread across hundreds of realms and spread faith. In the entire World King Planet, it was a large family.

“Captain Zi Jian, I didn’t expect your first stop when you came to the World King Planet to be my Heavenly Spirit Domain,” the old man immediately said bluntly after meeting Zi Jian. How could the World King Planet archeological association not know the goal of the cosmic overlord army?

The goal was to crack the Four Holy Ruins and plunder all the faith resources.

At the moment, although no one could crack the Four Holy Ruins and obtain the right to manage it, it was jointly monopolized by several large families and archeological associations to continue sucking blood. It was no different from becoming the owner of the ruins according to the rules of the ruins. Naturally, they were unwilling for outsiders to really take away the ruins.

“Who are you? You’re blocking my way.” Zi Jian yawned and looked at the old man in front of her in disdain.

“Hehe, you’re indeed as the rumors say…” Zong Jie was the president of the Heavenly Spirit Domain Archeological Association and the branch head of the Green Dragon family’s Heavenly Spirit Domain. When had he been ignored by a little girl? However, he also admitted that the other party was indeed qualified.

“I’m Zong Jie, the president of the Heavenly Spirit Domain Archeological Association, one of the caretakers of the Four Holy Ruins. Captain Zi Jian, I advise you not to waste time in this ruin. Why don’t you go to other places to take a look in case you return in disappointment?” President Zong Jie said.

“You’re the most powerful archeologist in this place?” Zi Jian asked perfunctorily. She still felt a little sleepy. Although that Cultivation Fruit was disgusting, the effect really surprised her. She used the Cultivation Fruit to cultivate a Beast Taming ability from scratch. In just two days, she reached Level 8. It was unbelievable. If it weren’t for the fact that the Four Holy Ruins were about to open, she would have wanted to sleep a little longer.

After cracking the ruins… She had to go to the plant association and find the guy who created the Cultivation Fruit to let him serve her.

At the same time, she wanted to ask the other party why it made such a good Cultivation Fruit with such a bad taste.

Was there something wrong with his mind or something?

“You flatter me.” President Zong Jie’s expression was calm. However, he, who could listen to the sound of the ruins the moment he was born, was famous for his archeological ability in the Heavenly Spirit World. Indeed, no one dared claim to be first if he said he was second. Unfortunately, he had yet to crack an era ruin. Facing the monster in front of him, who had cracked four era ruins, his little attainments were nothing.

“That’s right,” Zi Jian said. “When I first came to this city, the archeologist I sensed with pretty good abilities didn’t seem to be you.”

“What?” President Zong Jie was stunned.

The conversation between Zi Jian and Zong Jie was paid attention to by many Four Saints Evolvers present the whole time. Although they were mainly here to compete for the power of faith, they still took the competition between archeological big shots very seriously.

If the cosmic overlord army monster really took away the ruins, where would they obtain the power of faith in the future?

From various sources, Zi Jian’s talent completely crushed the archeologists on the World King Planet!

However, what surprised them the most at this moment was that even President Zong Jie couldn’t enter the eyes of a woman from this cosmic overlord army, but there was someone else who could make her acknowledge him? Did the other party mean that there was an archeologist stronger than President Zong Jie in the Four Holy Ancient City?

“Hello.” In the sky, Zi Jian’s gaze looked down and followed her perception, locking onto a target.

“Kid, from the looks of it, you don’t seem to be from the World King Planet’s archeological association, but a wild archeologist,” she said to a confused young man in a panda outfit below.

“Two days ago, you were the one I sensed who didn’t hide your powers, right? Do you want to follow me?”

“Or are you here to compete with me?”

When Zi Jian saw that, everyone was stunned. President Zong Jie was stunned again. Lin Feng also looked at Shi Yu beside him in confusion and subconsciously moved away from Shi Yu.

“Holy shit.” Lin Feng was shocked. She was talking about Shi Yu?

When…

It seemed… normal. Even on the World King Planet, there weren’t many archeologists who could crack the ruins of the era. As for Shi Yu, he seemed to have already obtained benefits from an era ruin. As the number one archeologist on Blue Planet, it was natural for him to be highly evaluated.

Shi Yu looked at Lin Feng in confusion.

Was he serious about taking a step back?

Shi Yu didn’t expect that the other party could still lock onto him even after he had already turned off the Passage of Time. At this moment, under thousands of gazes, Shi Yu couldn’t help but fall silent.

“Tsk, what’s going on?”

He was invited by the universe overlord army!

Many evolvers of the Four Saints looked at Shi Yu with burning gazes. They looked at this unfamiliar young man. Who was this guy?

Under countless gazes, what else could Shi Yu do?

He could be said to have a crying expression as he replied with his scalp numb, “Captain Zi Jian… I… don’t have any thoughts about the Four Saints Ruins.”