Chapter 1418 - Chapter 1418 Lu Qingyi'S Counterattack (1)

Chapter 1418 Lu Qingyi’s Counterattack (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

That day, many people withdrew from the Four Saints Ruins, because, apart from the Four Saints Leaderboard, they didn’t discover any other changes in the ruins.

Divine-level experts couldn’t do anything inside. Even if they were demigods, many of them had retreated. This was because the challenge of this Four Saints Leaderboard was too unintelligent. Every time, they could only challenge it alone at the same time. Every challenge had to be separated for a period of time.

With so many Four Saints Evolvers, if everyone wanted to fight once, they had to wait a long, long time.

In the ruins, some people had even fought to challenge the rankings in order to prioritize entering, causing conflict.

“Let’s go, we’re not staying anymore.”

A day later, because it was too boring, Lin Feng helplessly called the White Tiger Mother. He didn’t plan to stay in the ruins anymore and was prepared to leave.

Before leaving, he found Shi Yu, who was patting a pillar like he was picking a watermelon. His face darkened.

“Shi Yu, you didn’t queue.”

“No, there were too many people,” Shi Yu said. “Senior Lin Feng, are you… leaving?”

“Yeah, let’s go. Why don’t you come along? I don’t think there’s anything fun here. Didn’t you say you weren’t interested in the Four Saints Ruins?” Lin Feng said.

“Wu, so boring.” The White Tiger Mother was bored.

“I might not be able to leave yet,” Shi Yu said with an embarrassed smile.

“What do you mean?” Lin Feng was stunned. Shi Yu saw that Lin Feng was already planning to leave and couldn’t help but say, “Let’s talk outside.”

Seeing that Shi Yu was acting strange, Lin Feng couldn’t help but shake his head. The three of them left the ruins together.

However, unlike what Lin Feng imagined, after they stepped into the ruins passage that left the ruins, they didn’t appear in the outside world. Instead, they appeared in an extremely special, independent space.

As soon as he realized that something was wrong, Lin Feng’s expression immediately froze. “This is…?”

The White Tiger Mother also immediately observed her surroundings.

“This is the deep space of the Four Holy Ruins,” Shi Yu said as he looked at Lin Feng and the White Tiger Mother in front of him.

Lin Feng and White Tiger: “?”

Both parties fell into deep thought and were a little confused.

“I originally wanted to wait a while, but the speed at which I obtained authority over the ruins is faster than I imagined. Perhaps in less than a month, I can obtain the complete authority of the Four Holy Ruins.”

“Senior Lin Feng, Senior White Tiger, why don’t you come after I completely become the owner of the ruins? At that time, the premium power of faith sealed inside the ruins can be shared with you,” Shi Yu said.

At the moment, the ordinary power of faith floating around wasn’t very useful to the divine-level White Tiger Mother. Shi Yu didn’t let Senior Lin Feng snatch it from him.

When the time came, he would directly give them premium items to repay them for the ticket.

Lin Feng and White Tiger: “?”

Both parties looked at Shi Yu in confusion. Shi Yu… What was he saying?

“You…” Lin Feng was stunned.

“Well… The initial changes in the ruins were caused by me. I accidentally cracked the Four Holy Ruins and obtained the authority of a portion of the Four Holy Ruins. At the moment, I’m working hard to obtain the remaining portion.”

“What!!!” Lin Feng was shocked. What a joke.

The White Tiger Mother also opened her mouth slightly with an incredulous expression.

“What about the Four Saints Leaderboard?” she asked.

“I also created it. The Four Holy Beasts inside are a few pets I contracted and cultivated. I used the authority of the ruins to let them obtain the highest right to mobilize the power of faith… It’s not a problem to fight ordinary demigods… If I want to obtain the authority of the complete ruins, I have to fight continuously like this…” Shi Yu said helplessly.

Lin Feng and the White Tiger Mother were stunned on the spot.

Lin Feng was immediately stunned. Holy sh*t, Shi Yu cracked the era ruins that the Four Holy Families, despite joining forces with the archeological association and even the archeologists of the cosmic overlord army, couldn’t crack? He just got a ticket for Shi Yu along the way, and Shi Yu cracked it??

This, this, this…

“I was just lucky… Didn’t I crack an era ruin on Blue Planet? Both parties happened to have a chain reaction.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Senior Lin Feng, say something.”

“F*ck!!!” Lin Feng shouted. “Is this reasonable? The ruins of the Four Saints, inside… How much power of faith is inside…”

“In any case, it’s probably enough for the super divine level,” Shi Yu muttered. He had the Faith Overdraft, which he could use after the super divine level.

Beside Lin Feng, the White Tiger Mother bit her handkerchief with her canine teeth. Her eyes flickered as she looked at Shi Yu with envy and jealousy before looking at her Beast Tamer. Why didn’t her Beast Tamer know how to crack the ruins?

It was so boring to evolve it into the Four Holy Beasts but not have the money to buy the faith item of the era.

Lin Feng: “?”

“In that case, the Four Holy Ruins… will be yours in a month??” Lin Feng asked.

Shi Yu said, “You can say that. I remember that the rules of the World King Planet’s archeological association regarding the unearthed ruins seem to be like this.”

“No matter what state the ruins are in, if the ordinary ruins are clearly attributable, they will belong to the descendants of the master of the ruins. If they don’t clearly belong, they will belong to the world overlord of the earth realm.”

“And the ruins of the era from the last cosmic era belong to the person who cracked the ruin. There are no clear geographical restrictions.”

“That’s indeed the case, but this person has to have the identity of the official world overlord of the World King Planet. Only world overlords can control the ruins of the era,” Lin Feng said.

This was also the control method of the World King Planet against the era ruins that had been unearthed. The era ruins contained the special power of the last era. If there was a owner, it naturally had to be one of their own people. And for the World King Planet, one of their own was the official world overlord of the World King Planet.