Chapter 1413 - Chapter 1413 Mastermind Shi Yu'S Scam (3)

Chapter 1413 Mastermind Shi Yu’s Scam (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With the principle of not being wasteful, it directly activated its faith skill. However, to Sca’s surprise, with a huge roar, under the suppression of the bloodline of the Green Dragon opposite, it directly lost its right to control the free power of faith. If it wanted to mobilize 100 portions of the power of faith just now, it had only successfully mobilized 0.1 portions now.

This guardian! His control over the power of faith was very high!

All the power of faith swam towards Buggy.

Green-gold light filled the sky and bloomed around Buggy.

Even the power of faith stored in Sca’s body was almost lost.

When Sca reacted, although Buggy didn’t move on the spot, its dragon claws directly crossed space and hit the skar, smashing it from the sky to the ground.

“Roar…” Sca let out a cry of pain.

This…

This attack hurt in its heart. It was certain that the other party’s growth level was only at the overlord level. However, because the other party had the absolute right to control the power of faith, its battle power had reached a very exaggerated level under the enhancement of the power of faith. Even as a quasi-divine, it was a little difficult to withstand this attack.

It was over!

Sca’s heart turned cold. The faith skill seemed to be countered in the Green Dragon Leaderboard’s challenge level.

It made it feel like it was showing off in front of an expert, as if the dragon in front of it was the real Green Dragon. Wanting to mobilize the power of faith in front of it was no different from a joke.

“Roar!!” As Sca analyzed, Buggy slapped over again.

At this moment, Buggy felt extremely good. This was the first time it had squandered the power of faith like this while in combat. A normal attack could sweep up a pile of power of faith!! If it summoned the Dragon Star Group, wouldn’t it be able to smash even a divine level expert to death?

It wondered if there was a chance to snatch Baby Ginseng’s first clear to the divine level!

Baby Ginseng, who was busy preparing to be a healer for the Four Holy Beasts: “?”

…

In the outside world, as the Green Dragon Sca entered, the successful cases here were also seen by the Four Saints Evolvers on the other stone tablets. However, many Four Saints Evolvers still didn’t try it easily. They wanted to see the information brought back by Sca, who had entered first.

In just two minutes, the Green Dragon Sca was teleported out. Everyone’s expressions changed. They saw that the Green Dragon Sca was covered in injuries and was in a tragic state. When it entered, it was still majestic. After coming out, it was already a crippled dragon.

“Roar…” As it fell to the ground, the Green Dragon Sca let out a weak cry. So… so strong…

“What’s going on? What happened?” Zi Jian immediately asked.

Before the extremely weak Sca could say anything, another row of ancient words from the last era appeared on the huge Green Dragon Leaderboard stone tablet.

Sca, 0.1 Guardian Green Dragon power. Low level!

Everyone looked at this row of words and was stunned again. What was this?

“Uh wu…” The Green Dragon Sca let out a sorrowful cry. Under the healing ability and self-healing of its companions, it opened its eyes. After seeing Zi Jian, it immediately cowered and said, “Captain Zi Jian, I’m sorry to disappoint you. I couldn’t break through the level.”

“So, what level is it and what’s going on inside?” Zi Jian asked.

Sca immediately said, “The level inside… is mainly targeted at this Green Dragon Leaderboard. The person who enters can fight the Guardian Green Dragon inside and use this to judge their strength… If they perform well, they should be ranked at the top of the Green Dragon Leaderboard and obtain rewards such as the power of faith. Just now, wait… 0.1 Guardian Green Dragon power, what’s this?” It looked at the change in the stone tablet and its expression suddenly changed.

Although it didn’t know what the evaluation criteria were, it felt deeply insulted! It protested!

This sounded weak.

“Is the Guardian Green Dragon very strong?” Zi Jian said.

Sca stuttered, “The other party… It’s not a matter of strength. It looks like it’s only at the overlord level, but it has an extremely high right to control the power of faith. Under the enhancement of the power of faith, it’s no longer like an overlord. Under the suppression of faith, the power of my faith skill is completely ineffective…”

“Come back, useless thing.” A moment later, Sca’s Beast Tamer summoned it back.

With only 0.1 Guardian Green Dragon’s power, Sca, who looked like it had been beaten very badly by the Guardian Green Dragon, quickly lost its value. And the information brought back through it made many Four Saints Evolvers look at each other. The changes in the Four Saints Ruins… were actually like this!

Originally, evolvers dueled each other to compete for the power of faith, but now, they challenged the Four Saints Leaderboard to obtain the power of faith. Because this change had just appeared, no one could say if it was good or bad. However, as long as there were no problems with the ruins, it was best.

“But why aren’t divine-level challenges allowed?” There was joy and worry among the evolves. Many divine-level evolvers were rather dissatisfied with this new mechanism.

“There might be other changes in the ruins. There’s no hurry.” President Zong Jie invested all his energy in the ruins. The ruins actually underwent such a change. He had to study what was going on.

Perhaps this was an opportunity to crack the Four Saints Ruins!

“Go, invite the geniuses of the families outside who aren’t even at the divine level and the geniuses of the families located in other realms. As long as they aren’t here today, invite them over,” he said to a family member.

“Looks like there’s going to be fun this time.” Captain Zi Jian also looked at the Green Dragon Leaderboard with a burning gaze. She didn’t nurture any Four Holy Beasts. In the beginning, she didn’t plan to compete for the power of faith. She had her own way to crack the ruins. However, in order to understand more information, she also called her subordinates to gather more Four Saints Evolvers.