Chapter 1414 - Chapter 1414 Mastermind Shi Yu'S Scam (4)

Chapter 1414 Mastermind Shi Yu’s Scam (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There were Four Saints Evolvers on the World King Planet, and there were also many under the cosmic overlord army. Moreover, they didn’t all follow this time.

“Jiu…”

“Roar!!!”

“Uh!!”

At this moment, demigod-level Four Saints Evolvers also entered the Vermillion Bird Leaderboard, White Tiger Leaderboard, and Black Tortoise Leaderboard. For a moment, the situation in the Four Saints Ruins changed. There were discussions everywhere, and they paid attention to the four major leaderboards!

At the moment, the Green Dragon Sca with the power of 0.1 monopolized the rankings, immediately stimulating the competitiveness of many Four Saints Evolvers.

Many demigod-level Green Dragon evolvers were eager to give it a try outside. As for them, they definitely had 1.5 or 2 Guardian Green Dragon powers no matter what. This 0.1 still looked too lousy.

“Shi Yu, what do you think?” Lin Feng and the White Tiger Mother were beside Shi Yu with serious expressions.

“We might not be able to enter this ruins stone tablet. You can give it a try.”

“Perhaps there’s a huge opportunity.”

Shi Yu stood on the spot with a serious expression.

He… How else could he look? He could just stand and watch.

His Green Dragon had already run in to be the guardian. There was no need for him to challenge himself…

In addition, the huge opportunity wasn’t a huge opportunity. It was just a pure scam by Shi Yu…

The only use of these challengers was to upgrade Buggy and the others! To upgrade themselves!

However, there were so many challengers, and they even had to receive guests at the divine level later. In short, Baby Ginseng would be tired. Of course, he had to quickly nurture the White Tiger and the Black Tortoise. Buggy and the Vermillion Bird had been suppressed to the overlord level, and the two of them were now at the true overlord level. He didn’t know how far they could reach through this training.

If one didn’t have a demigod level, it was very difficult to fight a true god above their level, even if they had almost unlimited faith power.

“Senior Lin Feng, I’m really not interested in this ruin…” Shi Yu made it clear again.

“Uh.” Lin Feng suspected that it was true.

From the information he had obtained from Blue Planet, Shi Yu shouldn’t be someone who would be calm over his possession.

Wasn’t he tempted to see the ruins?

Shi Yu sighed. Right now, he only wanted to be a quiet… mastermind!

He didn’t know… how long he could hide it for and how long it would take to obtain complete authority over the ruins.

As Buggy used the power of faith here to defeat an opponent, Shi Yu indeed felt that his authority over the Four Saint Ruins had increased a little. The main opponent was still too weak, causing the training effect to be less than desired.

That Sca had two faith skills, a physique skill, and a farming skill. It was too lousy. Shi Yu didn’t have any desire to replicate it. After all, it was perfectly covered by the Green Dragon Indestructible Body and the Creation Domain.

No wonder Zi Lan and the others were very shocked to see Buggy master the Creation Domain. Buggy’s evolution speed was really not low. He only hoped that he wouldn’t be disappointed after they went in and hopefully evolved some more outstanding Four Holy Beasts.

…

At the same time.

“Challenger, tell me your name.” x3!!

The other batch of challengers who entered the Vermillion Bird, White Tiger, and Black Tortoise Ruins looked at the Guardian Holy Beast in front of them and fell into deep thought.

A huge Vermillion Bird with a sword in its mouth, a Flying White Tiger in armor, and a Black Tortoise with a snake tail wrapped around it. They didn’t look right.

Wasn’t this the Four Holy Ruins of the previous era? The image of the Guardian Holy Beasts should have been created with reference to the four universe gods, right?

Could it be that the true forms of the four universal gods from the previous cosmic era looked like this?

Was this for real? Why did it feel like a low-quality counterfeit?

As if sensing that the Four Saints Evolvers inside had some misunderstanding about the image of the real Four Saints, the Four Saints Ruins cracked again… After Shi Yu succeeded in becoming the owner of the ruins, the reputation of the Four Ancient Saints was harmed.