Chapter 1411 - Chapter 1411 Mastermind Shi Yu'S Scam (1)

Chapter 1411 Mastermind Shi Yu’s Scam (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The sound of space and time vibrated, and space changed. The Four Saint Ruins opened again. Many Four Saints Evolvers looked at each other. Facing the passage of the ruins, when they didn’t know if they should enter, it actually opened again?

The ruins had changed! From the looks of it, it was really changeable.

Just now, the archeologists of the archeological association had already indicated that there was a situation. Then, what exactly had changed? Before figuring it out, many Four Saints Evolvers hesitated and were a little afraid.

After all, the ruins of the era represented danger and the unknown. Originally, the Four Saints Ruins weren’t dangerous, but no one could be sure if the changed Four Saints Ruins were dangerous.

Of course, only a small number of people hesitated. Most people still entered immediately when they saw the ruins and reacted, such as archeologist Zi Jian, Zong Jie, and the others.

“Shi Yu, do you want to enter or not?” At this moment, Lin Feng, the senior, couldn’t help but consult Shi Yu’s opinion beside him.

Shi Yu was the strongest archeologist on Blue Planet.

“Let’s enter!” Shi Yu said. “Opportunities and risks coexist!”

With that said, he entered the passage first. Lin Feng took a deep breath and followed.

In the passage, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“If we follow the original rules of the ruins, it feels a little a loss for so many people to split the power of faith.”

“However, in order to obtain the authority of the world, we have no choice but to fight. At the same time, if we want to replicate more faith skills, we have to fight. This batch of people is the best choice.”

“Why don’t…” Shi Yu suddenly smiled.

Sensing Shi Yu’s excitement, the contracted pets quickly knew that someone was going to be dealt with again.

“Since so many archeologists think that there are changes in the ruins, let’s change it. Let’s get a middle ground. Not only will we not disappoint these people, but we can also achieve our goal.” When Shi Yu opened the ruins, he used the authority of the master of some of the ruins to mess around.

…

[Buggy, Chi Tong, Little Quas, Turtle, Shorty, listen up.]

In an instant, with a thought, Shi Yu pulled up an online meeting through telepathy.

In the Beast Taming Space, the Green Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the White Tiger looked up.

In the next moment, they felt dizzy. They were summoned by Shi Yu and teleported to an unfamiliar place…

[I combined the authority of the ruins and teleported you to a certain ruins space. Next, I’ll assist you in pretending to be the ‘guardian of the ruins’.]

[I’ll teleport the opponents you want to defeat to you one by one. Your mission is to be in charge of defeating the other party!]

[However, I can’t directly defeat it cleanly. At least, I have to wait for the other party to display a portion of its strength. If the opponent’s skill isn’t bad, I will directly possess you through the authority.]

[Well, in order to maintain fairness, Buggy, Chi Tong, you guys suppress it to the overlord level, to the same level as Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty.]

[Don’t worry, with my help, the power of faith in this ruin is all yours. As long as you don’t face a divine-level expert, you guys with endless faith energy can theoretically kill indiscriminately.]

[In the beginning, I’ll only let demigods in. Slowly, after the battle, I’ll increase the authority to control the ruins. You guys will increase your strength, and I’ll continue to let divine-levels in to fight for you.]

[Use this training opportunity well!]

[Let’s accompany these people and put on a good show.] After Shi Yu finished speaking, the Four Holy Beasts understood. Shi Yu really treated himself as the master of the ruins and started the job of the master of the ruins. He was in charge of testing the people who entered…

“Mi!!!” Chi Tong was the first to agree. Alright, performing? She liked it!

Turtle and Little Quas, who had fused into Black Tortoises again, also revealed serious expressions. This was the first time Shi Yu had let them come out to fight…

Were the opponents the Four Holy Evolvers of the World King Planet? The pressure was huge…

“Meow.” Shorty was the same. Its gaze was serious. It definitely couldn’t disappoint the expectations of a god!

Only Buggy was calm and composed. Small scene, small scene! It was an old actor who had cooperated with Shi Yu to cosplay the Iron-eating Beast Knight and the Sword Immortal to simulate sword aura during the real Green Silkworm era.

…

A moment later, many people entered the Four Saint Ruins again and carefully observed the changes in the ruins.

Soon, someone discovered that the Duel Arena and battlefield of the Four Saint Ruins were all closed. They couldn’t enter at all to fight for the power of faith. This situation couldn’t help but make the expressions of the people who entered change.

“President Zong Jie, what’s going on!” Someone asked President Zong Jie, one of the guardians of the Four Holy Ruins, but at this moment, the old man also had a confused expression.

“I don’t know. It might be related to the changes just now. Everyone, calm down. Look carefully for any other changes,” he said.

“Is this ruin specially welcoming me?” Zi Jian of the cosmic overlord army was also slightly interested in the changes in the ruins. Before coming, she had investigated the Four Saints Ruins deeply enough.

The mechanism of this ruin had never changed since it was discovered. This time, something unexpected happened?

However, she still liked to explore the reason for this unknown change.

“Shi Yu, do you know what’s going on?” Senior Lin Feng, who had sensed that something was wrong and took a small step away from Shi Yu, came back. Shi Yu was also an archeologist, so he might know the reason for this situation.

“I don’t know,” Shi Yu said as he looked around. Now wasn’t the time to talk freely. At least, he had to wait until he obtained all the authority of the ruins before he could lay his cards on the table. He was nothing now. After all, he couldn’t even take the ruins away.