Chapter 1417 - Chapter 1417 One Person Raising The Four Saints, Four Saints Raising One Person (3)

Chapter 1417 One Person Raising the Four Saints, Four Saints Raising One Person (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“That guy from the Green Dragon Family is indeed very terrifying. In comparison, the strength of the other three families is slightly inferior to it.” At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded. An old man with a sparrow head and a terrifying divine power aura slowly walked over. Behind him were two Vermillion Birds, and behind them were a middle-aged man and a young man.

“That genius of the Vermillion Bird Family has mastered the faith skill, World Destruction Flame, that contains the prototype of the World Destruction Law, but his best result is only lingering in the top 30, far inferior to the genius of the Green Dragon Family.”

“Of course, it’s much stronger than the useless people behind me.”

The young people and the Phoenix Vermillion Bird behind the old man had dissatisfied expressions.

Shi Yu and Lin Feng looked at the Vermillion Bird old man.

World Destruction Flame… This was good!

“Old Wan, you’re here. Shi Yu, this is a senior of the Blue Planet’s Phoenix Race. Old Wan is one of the best in the Phoenix Race, having evolved towards the Vermillion Bird. Their family evolved towards the Vermillion Bird,” Lin Feng introduced.

“Senior Wan.” Shi Yu greeted the Vermillion Bird old man, who had a human body and a sparrow head. At the same time, he looked at the three generations of descendants. The oldest seemed to have fused with the Vermillion Bird, like a hybrid. As for the other two, one was a divine-level Beast Tamer, one was an intermediate-level Phoenix Vermillion Bird, one was a Level 9 Beast Tamer, and the other was a demigod Phoenix Vermillion Bird… From the looks of it, they were mainly Phoenix Vermillion Birds. The two humans were similar subordinates.

“You’re Sir Shi Yu from your mother planet, right?” Old Vermillion Bird smiled at Shi Yu. He had also heard the evaluation of Shi Yu from the cosmic overlord army just now. As expected, the rumors were true. Shi Yu was definitely a super genius.

“Sir Shi Yu, what do you think of this ruin?” he asked.

“I’m not sure yet. I plan to stay and observe for a period of time,” Shi Yu said.

“Eh, Old Green is here too,” Lin Feng suddenly said. He looked in a certain direction. An old Green Dragon was flying over. Behind it were a few divine dragons of different levels. Some of the Green Dragons had humans sitting on them.

“Lord Lin Feng, Old Ghost Wan Que!” When the old Green Dragon arrived, its gaze immediately stopped on Shi Yu.

“Old Dragon Qing Bin, Sir Shi Yu, I didn’t expect your archeological talent to actually be recognized by the universe overlord army…”

Everyone from the Blue Planet Dragon Race and the Phoenix Race was very shocked. Shi Yu’s information on Blue Planet was strictly kept secret by the Space Emperor and the others. Apart from the super divine level ancestors of the five major divine races, the divine-level generations of the five major divine races really didn’t know Shi Yu’s background. They only knew what was on the surface.

At the moment, in the Blue Planet Alliance, the status of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng together was comparable to that of the five super divine ancestors of Blue Planet. Lin Feng alone could be said to be a top-notch god below the five super divine ancestors. These Blue Planet big races were very respectful to him. After all, he was a fierce person who had killed super divine ancestors.

“I don’t know what’s going on either.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Perhaps Captain Zi Jian made a mistake. Senior Lin Feng, what should we do next? I plan to walk around this ruin carefully. If there’s a chance, I’ll enter and challenge it. What about you guys?”

Lin Feng said in distress, “Just like you. In this situation, what else can we do…”

Shi Yu chuckled… They could do whatever they wanted. He was going to nurture the Guardian Holy Beast.

In addition, the strongest expert of the younger generation of the Four Saints Family… He felt that it was four guys who had mastered the prototype of a top-notch faith divine skill. He had to pay extra attention!

…

Next, Shi Yu used the authority of the owner of the ruins to add points from afar. Soon, he upgraded all the super skills of Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty to transcendent.

The growth levels of the three of them had finally reached the totem level. Their battle power was at the demigod level. Of course, this was according to the standards of Blue Planet. On World King Planet, they were at the quasi-divine level.

At that moment, after becoming the owner of the ruins, Shi Yu also obtained another benefit, which was that he could spend money again!

He didn’t lack money anymore!

There was too much power of faith in the Four Holy Ruins. What did this mean? It meant that Buggy could use the Creation Domain to the greatest extent. In the Creation Domain, Buggy was a god and could do anything, including healing people and accelerating the ripening of plants.

In such a situation, with Baby Ginseng, Susu, and Shi Yu’s increase in points, was there a need to think?

Apart from Buggy, the Black Tortoise and the Black Tortoise’s Black Tortoise Divine Power faith skill could also transfer vitality and heal Shi Yu. Later, he would replicate a support-type faith skill for the Vermillion Bird and the White Tiger. Shi Yu had already thought of how fast it would be to add points to the Four Saint Ruins.

Apart from that, Buggy used the law of spring to assist Baby Ginseng in creating the Cultivation Fruit and the Reincarnation Fruit in the Four Saint Ruins. It could basically be said to be divine speed.

Shi Yu could imagine that it wouldn’t take long for him to add all the skills of his pets. Then, he could use the remaining time to accumulate a large amount of resources and save them to sell for other resources.

As expected, if he wanted to become rich, he still had to crack the ruins.

Although this would consume a lot of faith power, Shi Yu, who had just become rich, had no intention of saving money. He planned to enjoy it first.

With the help of this Four Holy Ruins, he could quickly nurture the Four Holy Beasts. Then, the Four Holy Beasts could immediately rely on his support faith skills to feedback to him and nurture other pets!

Sigh, if he had known that he could become so rich, he wouldn’t have been in a hurry to overextend his Faith Overdraft. It was so annoying that he didn’t lack the power of faith.

“These two really haven’t given up.” When Shi Yu pretended to walk around the ruins, he also discovered that President Zong Jie of the Heavenly Spirit Archeological Association was focused on studying the ruins. It was the same for the archeologist, Zi Jian.

As the owner of the ruins, he could clearly determine the abilities of the two people. That President Zong Jie and him when he was a newbie on Blue Planet relied on chatting, luck, and mental conversations with the ruins’ consciousness. They didn’t have much skills.

As for Zi Jian, she was very skillful. She used a special method to find the loopholes in the ruins and wanted to obtain the authority of the ruins. If the ruins didn’t have a master, this method might really succeed. Unfortunately, the authority over the ruins had already been claimed by Shi Yu, who acted swiftly. In addition, as Buggy and the others kept fusing the power of faith, Shi Yu and the others’ control over the ruins increased quickly. It was already impossible for Zi Jian to obtain authority over the ruins.

Unfortunately, why didn’t Teacher Ying follow?

If she followed, apart from the Cultivation Fruit, she would definitely be able to eat all kinds of gem divine fruits.