Chapter 1412 - Chapter 1412 Mastermind Shi Yu'S Scam (2)

Chapter 1412 Mastermind Shi Yu’s Scam (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I discovered the change!” There were many people present. Soon, someone discovered what changes had happened to the current ruins compared to the former Four Saints Ruins. Although the Duel Arena and the battlefield that were fighting for the power of faith no longer reacted, four huge stone tablets of different colors appeared around the ruins!!

“What’s this…” Many Four Saints Evolvers looked at the green, white, red, and black stone tablets and fell into deep thought.

On the four huge stone tablets, ancient words from the previous era were carved: Green Dragon Leaderboard, White Tiger Leaderboard, Vermillion Bird Leaderboard, and Black Tortoise Leaderboard. This made everyone confused.

Before figuring out what the stone tablet was, no one dared to approach it rashly.

“This is… a spatial door?!” Soon, someone determined the characteristics of the stone tablet. Zi Jian stood in front of the Green Dragon Leaderboard stone tablet and reached out to touch the stone tablet under everyone’s gaze.

In the next moment, spatial ripples shot out of the stone tablet. Zi Jian wanted to reach her hand in and enter with her entire body, but she was stopped by a spatial power. This made Zi Jian reveal a dissatisfied expression.

“What I hate the most in my life are ruins that restrict levels,” she said angrily.

“Captain, what did you discover?” the two Darekians asked.

“Try and see if you can enter,” Zi Jian said. The universe overlord army was talented and bold. The others didn’t dare to approach the stone tablet, but under Zi Jian’s orders, her subordinates had no choice but to come into contact.

In the end, without exception, they were all blocked outside by the stone tablet.

“This should be a spatial door, but it restricts entry levels. I’m afraid you can’t enter if you’re above the divine level…” She said, “No, even if it’s not the divine level, as long as it doesn’t meet the ‘rules’, it doesn’t seem to be possible.”

Under her gaze, a human soldier from the cosmic overlord army below the divine level also touched the stone tablet, but he was still blocked outside.

“Then, there’s only one truth. You, continue to try. To be precise, let your Green Dragon pet go.” Zi Jian pointed at the soldier who was stopped just now. The soldier was stunned and immediately said, “Yes, Captain!”

With that said, he directly condensed a golden summoning array. In the array, with a dragon roar, a green-colored dragon shot into the sky. It was also a dragon life form that was evolving towards the Green Dragon.

Under the Beast Tamer’s command, this dragon directly came into contact with the stone tablet. Right on the heels of that, it successfully passed through the stone tablet, causing an uproar.

…

Sca was a Green Dragon evolver and a quasi god of Zi Jian’s special forces. With its strength, it was all thanks to it being a Green Dragon evolver that it could enter such a team. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be qualified at all.

This time, under the command of Captain Zi Jian, after successfully passing through the ruins stone tablet, it made Sca feel that a huge opportunity was waiting for it.

After it entered, its vision was first engulfed in darkness, then slowly regained brightness. It found itself transported to a place resembling an ancient arena, surrounded by ruins. However, what surprised it the most was the colossal presence before its eyes.

“Roar!!!” In front of the Green Dragon Sca, there was also a Green Divine Dragon. Its body was a hundred meters long and occupied the sky. It had two golden horns on its head and was covered in green scales. Golden flames of spiritual faith burned in its eyes and tail, looking majestic.

Although its image was a little different from its own, the Green Dragon Sca was certain that this was also a Green Dragon Evolver. Moreover, the other party’s aura gave it a very strange feeling. It felt very strong one moment, and only so-so the next.

What was going on!

Wasn’t he the only dragon who entered the stone tablet just now?

Who was this guy?

“Roar!!!” It also roared.

“Who are you!!!” Just as it finished speaking, voices seemed to appear in the surrounding ruins, taking the initiative to let those who entered hear the voices of the ruins.

[This is the guardian phantom of the Green Dragon Leaderboard. Fight it and you can ascend the Green Dragon List. If you rank at the top, you will obtain a large amount of power of faith as a reward!]

[The one at the top will even…]

“What??” The sudden sound of the ruins made the Green Dragon Sca pause. It found it unbelievable. What mechanism was this?

The Duel Arena and the battlefield for the power of faith in the Four Saints Ruins closed, and another Green Dragon Leaderboard level that relied on rankings to obtain the power of faith was updated?

The one at the top will even… even what? Finish talking!

The Green Dragon Sca cursed. Why was it lagging?

This ruin must be very old!

“Challenger, tell me your name.” In the Green Dragon Leaderboard level, Buggy, who had been called over by Shi Yu to work, let out a deep, empty, and silent voice, as if it was saying that it was really a guardian phantom.

“You’re a guardian phantom… Do you know what the reward for first place is? You survived from the last era until now? Who created this ruin?” The Green Dragon Sca asked continuously.

“Challenger, tell me your name.”

“Challenger, tell me your name,” Buggy ignored the other party and repeated.

“Green Dragon, Sca!” Zi Jian’s special force’s Sca let out a low roar. Damn it, didn’t the other party have intelligence? Just as its thought fell, it saw the Green Dragon Guardian directly slap at it in the air.

It was as if answering the name had triggered a mechanism and started the battle.

“Then let’s fight!” The Green Dragon Sca sensed that the other party’s strength wasn’t strong. It directly mobilized the power of faith here, wanting to strengthen its body and resist it. It discovered that this place was the same as the legendary Four Saints Duel Arena and the Four Saints Battlefield. A large amount of power of faith wandered and could be directly used. This was too comfortable.