Chapter 1415 - Chapter 1415 One Person Raising The Four Saints, Four Saints Raising One Person (1)

Chapter 1415 One Person Raising the Four Saints, Four Saints Raising One Person (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Shi Yu began to set up his scam, the Four Holy Beasts in the team received guests one after another.

White Tiger Leaderboard Ruins.

Shorty looked at the first challenger to enter, a tigress. Its expression was calm, and it was excited.

This was its first real opponent in the few months of training!

Although it was only at the overlord level and its opponent was at the demigod level, with Shi Yu silently supporting it from behind, Shorty felt that victory was in its grasp! It could do it!

Shorty’s opponent was a relatively traditional White Tiger. Its entire body was as white as snow and had no stray hair. In comparison, the short Shorty in armor was still relatively strange.

“Quasi-divine of the White Tiger Family, Pei Qi!!!” The female White Tiger said its name and began to mobilize the power of faith of the White Tiger.

But soon, its expression changed. This was because, like the Green Dragon Sca from before, it had also encountered a very troublesome problem!

“Meow!!!” Under the roar of the short-legged armored White Tiger opposite, the female White Tiger, Pei Qi, felt that the wandering power of faith wasn’t mobilized by her at all and ran to the Guardian White Tiger.

It was like two people fighting over something. One was weak, while the other was strong, and by many times. The Guardian White Tiger directly snatched everything away.

“This level of control over the power of faith…” Pei Qi was depressed. She roughly knew how the previous Green Dragon lost. The feeling this Guardian White Tiger gave it was that it was only at the overlord level.

However, the other party’s control over the power of faith had completely exceeded this level. It felt that it wasn’t inferior to a divine-level White Tiger.

As everyone knew, once the creatures who cultivated the power of faith had enough numbers and quality of the power of faith, their strength would multiply, and after losing the power of faith, their strength would plummet by several times.

“Meow!!!” Because Shorty was Shi Yu’s pet and had a contract with Shi Yu, the master of the ruins, it also received a portion of the authority of the ruins. In the Four Holy Ruins, it could naturally easily mobilize the power of faith.

If he didn’t have this ability, Shi Yu couldn’t let Shorty and the others fight these Four Saints Evolvers above their level. Buggy and Chi Tong were still alright. Even without the enhancement of the authority of the ruins, their control over the power of faith was still outstanding among their peers. Putting aside the power of faith, their strength was also top-notch.

However, the White Tiger and Black Tortoise that had just been cultivated still had to rely on their authority. This wasn’t a bad thing. During the battle process with the power of faith, they would be nourished by the power of faith and accelerate their growth. At the same time, it was also an opportunity to train the control of the power of faith. Even if they didn’t add points, the proficiency of the faith skill would increase.

At this moment, under the enhancement of the power of faith, Shorty’s platinum armor shone brightly. It directly spread its golden wings and slapped at the challenger with the platinum tiger palm.

“White Tiger Light Killing Wave!” In the face of the attacking White Tiger, although she could only mobilize a trace of power of faith, Pei Qi still used her faith skill with all her might. A golden light of faith wrapped in killing intent shot over and collided with Shorty’s tiger palm.

Boom!!!

Although there was a major level difference, under the situation of squandering the power of faith without limit, the strength of Shorty’s body had at least been strengthened to 6.5 points. If it hadn’t become the master of the ruins, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t have dared to squander like this. After all, the power of faith consumed by Shorty to maintain the White Tiger Armor for a second was comparable to the time when Buggy threw a few meteorites from the starry sky on Blue Planet.

“Roar!!!” After tearing apart the light wave, Shorty only had many scratches on its armor. Its main body wasn’t injured at all, and it continued to attack.

Bang!!!

Pei Qi was sent flying. However, what Pei Qi couldn’t understand was that the other party’s slap actually took out all the money and treasures in its inner space. The food and metal-element energy crystals she had stored fell out of the spatial crack and onto the ground.

Apart from that, the few sharp golden tiger teeth that Pei Qi had nurtured with the law of metal and countless resources for decades, the golden teeth that were comparable to divine-level resources, were also slapped away by this palm with a crack.

“It hurts!!!” The tigress, Pei Qi, felt that the other party’s attack wasn’t as simple as it looked, and it even contained an even more mysterious power.

Even Shorty was stunned.

But in the next moment, it couldn’t care less. It chased after the tigress.

It shouted in its heart: Hurry up and show off your powerful faith skill! This way, Shi Yu can possess it!

…

On Turtle and Little Quas’ side, they were also welcoming the challenger. Their opponents’ evolution was relatively ordinary. They only had the image of huge turtles. There wasn’t even a shadow of a snake, and the turtles were all lying on their stomachs.

“The real Black Tortoise looks like it’s indeed the combination of a turtle and a snake…” After the other party saw the Black Tortoise formed by Turtle and Little Quas, it fell into deep thought. Although it didn’t understand why it was standing, the black and white Black Tortoise in front of it indeed let it experience a different Black Tortoise charm.

In Shi Yu’s team, the evolution level of the Four Holy Beasts was divided according to perfection. In fact, the Green Dragon was greater than the Black Tortoise and the Vermillion Bird was greater than the White Tiger. Among them, Shorty’s evolution was the most incomplete. As for Buggy, because it had the support of the Green Dragon Domain, its evolution level was the highest. As for the Black Tortoise, because it had the Taiji Domain, the Turtle Snake Fusion, and Dark Yin Yang Dao were also more perfect than the Vermillion Bird.

Therefore, at the moment, the combination battle power of Turtle and Little Quas, together with the power of faith, could only be described as absolute strength.