Chapter 1416 - Chapter 1416 One Person Raising The Four Saints, Four Saints Raising One Person (2)

Chapter 1416 One Person Raising the Four Saints, Four Saints Raising One Person (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Challenger, Ku Wu!!” The Black Tortoise was strong and powerful. After reporting its name, it first tried to mobilize the power of faith here. It realized that the power of faith was all controlled by the Guardian Tortoise. It could only mobilize a weak portion and attack crazily!!

“Super Destructive Black Tortoise Spiral Star Attack!” It roared, almost stunning Turtle and Little Quas on the spot.

In the next moment, weak power of faith, powerful will, and starlight gathered on the shell, and black water lingered. Ku Wu’s head and limbs contracted, and the shell spun at a high speed. In an instant, it vaguely fell like a black star spiral and attacked Turtle and Little Quas!

“Oh.” Turtle’s heart skipped a beat. Wasn’t this its Turtle Ramming Attack… No, it was the Spin Impact!

Did it think that with more special effects and a longer name, it couldn’t recognize it??

In the face of this attack, Turtle and Little Quas directly activated the “Dark North Shield”. The standing turtle’s arms interacted, and the black water shield condensed from the rich power of faith directly blocked the spinning attack.

At the same time, Turtle shouted in its heart: Master, copy this. I should learn this!

…

“Learn my ass. There are so many challengers. There’s no time to learn it all. I’ll only choose faith skills comparable to the ‘Creation Domain’ and ‘Seal of Sea Suppression’ to replicate,” Shi Yu thought to himself in the outside world.

Although it could be fused after learning a bunch of useless things, it was too tiring. This way, he would devote all his energy to the cultivation of the Four Holy Beasts and not have time to train other pets.

At the same time, if he replicated all the hundreds of thousands of Four Saints Evolvers, although he didn’t lack skill slots now and could delete them as long as he fused them, he definitely wouldn’t be able to withstand it. He probably wouldn’t have the time to be idle anymore.

Compared to the focused battle of Shorty, Turtle, and Little Quas, Chi Tong’s side was as easy. Although it had been suppressed to the overlord level, with the infinite power of faith, it didn’t know how to lose at all.

“Jiu!!!” In the ruins of the Vermillion Bird Leaderboard, the Vermillion Bird with the divine sword in its beak only swung its head, and the sword light slashed out by the divine sword easily cut off half of the Vermillion Bird’s hair in front of it!

0.2 Guardian White Tiger power, 0.1 Guardian Black Tortoise power, 0.1 Guardian Vermillion Bird power… Various results were displayed on the Four Saints Leaderboard, making the entire Four Saints Ruins a little chaotic.

“Tsk tsk, from the looks of it, these Guardian Holy Beasts are pretty strong. Unfortunately, divine-levels can’t enter,” Lin Feng said regretfully beside Shi Yu.

“Yeah.” His White Tiger Mother also felt that it was a pity.

“Senior Lin Feng, who are the strongest Green Dragon, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and White Tiger Evolvers below the divine level?” Shi Yu asked.

He felt that the evolution level of the batch of Four Saints Evolvers that entered just now wasn’t high, let alone Buggy. Why wasn’t it as tall as Shorty?

Shi Yu thought for a moment and could only attribute it to the fact that he had indeed invested a lot of faith resources and evolution resources. Although the World King Planet was huge and the Four Saints system was more perfect, there were just too many Four Saints Evolvers. Every evolver wanted to have a share of the pie. Ordinary people couldn’t get many faith resources when they evolved, but he directly plundered a few faith items from the parallel Blue Planet as evolution resources. Then, the power of the world in Little Zi’s body was also cultivated towards the Four Saints system. Under the world blessings of many faith resources and a low-level star, it seemed normal for his Four Holy Beasts to evolve to this extent, stronger than 99% of the Four Saints Evolvers.

However, it was stronger than ordinary Four Saints Evolvers, but Shi Yu didn’t believe that every Four Saints Evolver on the huge World King Planet was at this level.

Where were the geniuses??

They might have some rare skills that Shi Yu wanted to replicate.

“This is naturally the strongest expert of the younger generation of the Four Saints Family,” Lin Feng said.

“The Green Dragon Family, the White Tiger Family, the Vermillion Bird Family, the Black Tortoise Family… They’re all experts whose family factions span hundreds of realms. The strongest experts in the younger generation of their families are basically the strongest Four Saints Evolvers below the divine level.”

“This time… they shouldn’t have come. The number one genius of every stage of the Four Saints Family doesn’t lack the power of faith at all. It’s basically provided by the family. There’s no need to come here to compete at all.”

“I didn’t pay attention to anything else, but I remember that the Green Dragon Family is the same family as President Zong Jie. There’s a quasi-divine Green Dragon. It’s very powerful. It once ranked eighth in the best result of the God Sealing Battle and entered the top 10 to master the top-notch faith skill, Green Dragon Creation.” He looked deeply at Shi Yu.

“That’s a faith divine skill that contains the laws of creation.”

Similar to his Green Dragon’s Creation Domain…

There was a reason why the Space Emperor and Lin Feng thought highly of Shi Yu and thought that Shi Yu could one day take first place in the God Sealing Battle. It was mainly because the potential displayed by Eleven and Buggy at that time was too powerful.

The strongest expert of the younger generation of the Green Dragon Family had relied on the Green Dragon Creation to obtain the top 10 of the God Sealing Battle. Then, Shi Yu’s Green Dragon Buggy had obtained some nurturing and accumulated some faith power. Why couldn’t it rely on the Creation Domain to obtain the top 10?

In addition, Shi Yu not only had Buggy as a pet. With all the members participating, it might not be impossible for him to get first place in the God Sealing Battle.

“However, with the changes in the Four Saint Ruins this time, they should be called by their families to challenge and explore, right?”

“This…” At this moment, when he heard Senior Lin Feng’s words, Shi Yu was stunned. The Green Dragon Creation sounded strong, but it conflicted with Buggy’s Creation Domain. He felt that it was the same ability with a different name. Was it useful to replicate it?