Chapter 1410 - Chapter 1410 I Really Don'T Want To Crack The Ruins (3)

Chapter 1410 I Really Don’t Want to Crack the Ruins (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“There must be a misunderstanding!”

According to Ling’s information, there were dozens of divine-level and a few top-notch gods in Zi Jian’s special force. The strength of Zi Jian’s special force was even more unfathomable. Even the Space Emperor and Lin Feng would probably be afraid if they came. Considering the background, the Blue Planet bloodline was nothing. Snatching ruins from this bad woman? No, Shi Yu still wanted to live for a few more days.

Moreover, the Four Holy Ruin was monopolized by several large factions. Without strength and background, daring to crack it blindly was also courting death…

As for being invited to join the universe overlord army, Shi Yu really didn’t expect it. If he had just arrived at the World King Planet alone, he would definitely have agreed without a word. However, the problem was that, according to the Space Emperor, he seemed to have been chosen by a super divine level figure from the Environmental Protection Association. It wasn’t easy for him to deal with the two factions!

The cosmic overlord army was no longer an official faction on World King Planet, but it wandered outside the system.

“Captain Zi Jian, what do you mean?” At this moment, President Zong Jie’s eyes also flashed. Although he couldn’t tell what was special about this young man, Zi Jian was too much to poach someone on the World King Planet in front of him.

“It’s nothing. I just feel that it’s a waste for an archeological genius to stay on the World King Planet. How many ruins can there be on a small World King Planet?” Captain Zi Jian revealed her canine teeth and had a very arrogant attitude.

A mere cosmic life form…

She really dared to say it.

Below, many Four Saints Evolvers were shocked.

“Oh my god.” Lin Feng was speechless.

The White Tiger Mother looked at Lin Feng in silence. Her gaze seemed to be saying, “Look at your junior. He seems to have been admired by a big shot. If he cozy up to this captain, he can be said to have soared.”

Lin Feng shrugged, but the problem was, was the current Shi Yu touched? Would he dare to move?

Boom.

At this moment, a loud bang broke this awkward situation. A bright sound of laws sounded from the nothingness. The entire Four Saints Ruins began to transform. Space fragments flew and recombined, and a new world gradually formed.

The Four Holy Ruins finally opened.

“Steady your body!! Close your eyes!! Otherwise, you’ll faint.” At this moment, some divine-level experts who had brought their juniors over reminded again. As soon as they finished speaking, endless light transmigrated, as if it was pulling everyone into an alternate space-time light path and letting everyone head to a new world.

Shi Yu also entered the passage, but he felt that his condition was good. At this moment, everything around him seemed to have disappeared, leaving him alone. This short, peaceful process made Shi Yu heave a sigh of relief, thinking about how to politely refuse Captain Zi Jian.

He thought for a moment. The cosmic overlord army was still too dangerous. They did high-risk jobs and often had to go to various places in the starry sky to carry out missions. It was more comfortable on the World King Planet.

“F*ck.” However, what made Shi Yu feel ridiculous was that another accident seemed to have happened. He had clearly turned off the messy archeological abilities such as time and space. He didn’t even listen to the ruins. In the end, something seemed to have happened!

Shi Yu felt that he heard a dragon roar. Then, in the depths of his heart, the source of power of the Green Dragon Domain suddenly trembled. The two seemed to have resonated, making Shi Yu immediately panic.

“Damn, what’s going on?” Shi Yu said.

“Roar!!” Buggy was also a little stunned.

“Master, it’s the Green Dragon Domain that resonated with the Four Saint Ruins,” Ling said. “Master, I knew it. I definitely won’t be able to control you when the time comes.”

“Is this my fault?” Shi Yu was confused. No way, could the Green Dragon divine power he obtained from the Green Dragon Ruins on Earth still react to this Four Holy Ruin?

According to his speculation, Earth was Blue Planet from the last era, a certain planet from the last era. Moreover, it had the divine power left behind by the cosmic Green Dragon God and was accidentally obtained by him. Then, what did the reaction of the Green Dragon divine power with the Four Holy Ruins mean?

Soon, Shi Yu understood, and his perspective instantly rose. In the blink of an eye, it was as if his consciousness had transformed into a god. The light in front of him dissipated, and he looked down at a new world.

This world seemed to be the true interior of the Four Holy Ruins. This place was filled with a large amount of power of faith. Shi Yu felt that at this moment, he could even rely on his thoughts to control a portion of the power of faith in the world and the environmental changes inside. It was like becoming the master of the ruins and having the right to control them.

Shi Yu found it unbelievable. In the next moment, a voice sounded in Shi Yu’s ears.

He seemed to have entered a special state when exploring ruins and saw a historical image at this moment.

It was the shadow of history that crossed an era!

Boom!!

It was still the world Shi Yu had seen just now. At this moment, the sky collapsed and the ground caved in. Space shattered, and a gray, destructive aura circulated violently. A human old man stood in the center of the Four Holy Statues and looked up at the starry sky.

“A latecomer.”

“This era is about to end. I wonder if this place can be lucky enough to survive until the next era.”

“Since you see me, it means that it hasn’t been completely destroyed. You should have inherited part of the inheritance of the four saints or cultivated the power of faith of the four saints to the extreme to be able to obtain the authority of this small world. No matter which it is, spread the name of the four saints well.”

The human old man continued, “Of course, if you feel that controlling this world is somewhat beyond your abilities, it’s normal… After all, the long passage of time has taken its toll, and it’s also in a state of disrepair.”

“There’s only one thing you need to do… In this world, according to the inherent rules of the ruins, defeat as many opponents as possible. Then, you will slowly match this world… and increase your authority.”

The old man’s voice was buried in the collapsed world. Shi Yu opened his eyes again. It was still that world, but this time, it was indeed broken and filled with traces of vicissitudes.

“What a joke…” Shi Yu was stunned. He really didn’t want to crack the secret of this ruin. He did it just like that?

Maintaining the perspective of the owner of the ruins, Shi Yu realized that it was really the shadow of history left behind by the old man. Although he had some control over the ruins, that wasn’t all!

Right now, he could only guarantee the absolute control of the power of faith drifting in the ruins of the Four Saints and the right to expel those who entered. However, the power of faith essence buried in the depths of the ruins couldn’t be mobilized. Apart from that, he couldn’t directly turn this ruin into a tool of the ruins, pack it up, and take it away.

This situation made Shi Yu feel that it was extremely scammy. What was going on…

“What’s going on???”

“The opening failed??”

A moment later, in the Four Saints Square, many Four Saints Evolvers opened their eyes and realized that they hadn’t entered the real Four Saints Ruins. Instead, they were stunned to still be left behind the square of the Four Saints Ancient City.

Not only them, but President Zong Jie of the Heavenly Spirit Archeological Association was also stunned. This was the first time he had encountered such a failure.

“Strange.” Captain Zi Jian also sensed her surroundings in confusion. She didn’t successfully enter?

“What happened…” Beside Shi Yu, Senior Lin Feng and the beautiful White Tiger Mother were also confused. This wasn’t the first time they had come to the Four Saints Meeting, but they had never heard of such a situation.

The Four Saints Square rumbled. No one paid attention to the lousy matter between Captain Zi Jian, President Zong Jie, and Shi Yu just now. The attention of Captain Zi Jian and President Zong Jie also shifted away from Shi Yu. At the moment, everyone was only concerned about what had happened in the Four Saints Ruins and why they had failed to enter this time.

“Yeah, what’s going on…” At this moment, the corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. What else could be going on… Because he was forced to obtain a portion of the authority of the Four Holy Ruins, the ruins automatically kicked out the other people who entered.

Why not… he pull everyone in again?

However, the ruins didn’t belong to him previously, and he didn’t feel anything. Now that the ruins had become his, if others went in to split the power of faith, he would feel like he had suffered a huge loss.

“Not good!! The statues of the Four Holy Beasts cracked!!” At this moment, someone suddenly discovered that many more cracks had appeared on the already broken statues of the Four Holy Beasts that had experienced the destruction of the era.

“The ruins have changed…” The eyes of many archeologists were solemn.

Shi Yu’s expression darkened. This guy was talkative! He immediately reopened the Four Holy Ruins and planned to carry it out as usual. Just this once. This was the last time. In any case, there was still a lot of power of faith here. If he somehow succeeded this time, this ruin would belong to him!

Although it was a little troublesome, as long as he obtained this ruin, with the Four Holy Beasts, he should be invincible below the super divine level. Shi Yu really couldn’t bear to miss it.

“The bold will die from overeating, and the timid will starve to death.” He hoped that the Environmental Protection Association and the Disaster Research Institute he had joined previously could protect him after he obtained the ruins!