Chapter 1423 - 1423 Shearing The Four Holy Family'S Wool (3)

1423 Shearing the Four Holy Family’s Wool (3)

Boom!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, the strength of Shorty, who had removed the level suppression, increased again. In addition, its control over the power of faith exceeded the challenger’s, making the White King’s expression change drastically.

Damn, why did this guardian white tiger level up?

As it was confused, the short-legged White Tiger flew up from the ruins. The White Tiger Armor was instantly repaired, and its roar emitted shocking killing intent. The White Tiger Demon, with every opponent it defeated, could temporarily increase its strength. Shorty, who had been fighting for two days and two nights, had already defeated countless opponents. It, who had been suppressing the White Tiger Demon previously, had also completely activated the White Tiger Demon at this moment.

Boom!!

The blue baleful aura turned into flames and clouds that wrapped around Shorty.

Coupled with the biting, cold, murderous wind, the White King instantly felt like he had fallen into an ice cave. A cold sword was pressed against his neck, and it was difficult to breathe. When he reacted, the tiger’s palm wrapped in battle armor slapped over again. This time, the Faith Battle Soldier was directly shattered. Under the huge, incomparable power, the killing intent devoured the Power of Retribution. Then, right on the heels of that, it hit his chest. With a boom, the White King felt his entire body fall apart, and he flew backward instantly.

“Alright.” In the outside world, Shi Yu’s main body revealed a look of joy. He had obtained the other party’s faith skill!

This time, Shorty may become the greatest winner.

At the same time, Shi Yu roughly knew what level the God Sealing Battle was at. Although the other party didn’t have the power of faith to use at this moment and no contractor could assist in adding buffs, it wasn’t a problem to roughly guess.

“Roar!!!” Soon, the White King, who had been chased out of the ruins, appeared in the outside world covered in injuries, stunning everyone.

Then, they quickly looked at the White Tiger Leaderboard. The White King’s name directly appeared at the top of the ranking, with the power of the Guardian White Tiger at 6.6.

This was still the first time a number above 1 appeared on the four rankings. However, when everyone looked at the White King’s miserable appearance, he didn’t look happy to have obtained victory no matter how they looked at him.

“White King, what’s wrong? Did you win?” The top-notch White Tiger God of the White Tiger Family immediately flew to the side and asked.

“I lost,” the White King said.

“This… This, then what’s wrong with this ranking?” The top-notch White Tiger God was stunned. How could he still lose with 6.6 Guardian White Tiger power?

“1 Guardian White Tiger power should be referring to the strength unit of the Guardian White Tiger when it was maintained at the overlord level. After I defeated it, it directly broke through in the next moment,” the White King said. “After the Guardian Holy Beast broke through, I was completely no match for it.”

“What??” What the hell? The Guardian Holy Beast could break through?

In an instant, many evolvers who challenged the Four Holy Ruins were stunned.

“Then did you receive the reward and trigger anything?” the top-notch White Tiger God immediately asked.

The White King shook his head and said, “There’s nothing.”

Apart from being beaten up, nothing happened.

It was momentarily at a loss.

He didn’t know how he had come all the way from an extraterrestrial planet outside the World King Planet.

Perhaps… he had to defeat the quasi-divine-level Guardian Holy Beast to obtain the reward? The White King looked at the rankings.

Upon hearing that, countless Four Saints Evolvers fell into deep thought. They also looked at the Four Saints Leaderboard and felt that this was a ridiculous pit.

“Boring. I thought there would be some new gains, but I still failed.” Zi Jian of the cosmic overlord troops was wearing an archeological coat. When she heard the White King’s words, she looked bored.

“Wuu…” The White King originally wanted to say that if she could do it, she should go ahead. However, after seeing the other party’s identity, he gave up attacking.

Instead, it said indignantly, “It’s impossible for quasi-divine-level faith creatures to pass this level. If the Guardian Green Dragon is as strong as this Guardian White Tiger, even if Tian Yu comes, he definitely won’t be able to defeat it. This ruin is unsolvable,” the White King said.

…

After the White Tiger Family’s strongest quasi-divine, the White King, triggered the “Guardian Holy Beasts’ breakthrough mechanism”, many Four Saints Evolvers slipped away. They couldn’t even defeat the White King, so how would they waste time?

However, after the weak slipped away, the experts came one after another. After the White King, the strongest quasi-divine Vermillion Bird of the Vermillion Bird Family, Hong Ji, who had mastered the World Destruction Flame, came to the Four Saint Ruins.

However, although he obtained a good result of 4.1 Vermillion Bird power, Chi Tong, who was possessed by Shi Yu, was still insta-killed and replicated the World Destruction Flame.

Shi Yu estimated that he could upgrade the Vermillion Bird clone to the World Destruction Vermillion Bird clone through fusion.

“Sister Hong Ji, you lost too.”

“Get lost.” Hong Ji, who was slashed by Chi Tong, had a sullen expression when she saw the White King running over.

Why did the Vermillion Birds here play with swords?

It didn’t expect that it would actually be chased and slashed. It thought it would win.

There was also the strongest quasi-divine Ming Wu of the Black Tortoise Family.

“Roar!!!” After the muscular turtle was beaten out, it was incredibly furious.

Although it was a Black Tortoise, it mainly cultivated attack skills. However, after fighting for a long time, not a single skill could break through the other party’s defense. The Black Tortoise was really aggrieved.

“Turtle, looks like you lost too.” The White King and Hong Ji paid attention to the entire process of it entering the ruins and coming out.

“Isn’t this very normal?” Ming Wu cursed. “If it could be cleared so easily, it wouldn’t be the era ruin.”

The White King chuckled and said, “I knew it. This ruin is unsolvable.”

Then, the strongest quasi-divine of the Green Dragon Family, Tian Yu, and the genius in the top 10 of the God Sealing Battle also came at the Four Saint Ruins.

If it had faced Shorty, Turtle, and the others, it may have been alright. Unfortunately, it encountered the strongest of Shi Yu’s four beasts, Buggy. The Green Dragon Creation Skill was entirely suppressed by the Creation Domain and crushed.