Chapter 1428 - Chapter 1428 Blue Planet'S Number One Person (3)

Chapter 1428 Blue Planet’s Number One Person (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, Shorty could also condense the White Tiger Divine Armor and let other people wear it, such as Shi Yu.

Moreover, the White Tiger Divine Armor could also resonate and strengthen, forming an army skill effect. It wasn’t a big problem to create a White Tiger Army wearing the White Tiger Divine Armor.

< Name > Fusion Black Tortoise

[Race Skill]: “Quasi Divine-level”: Quas Control (expert), Water Control (expert), Absolute Zero (expert), Faith skill, Dark North Shield (expert), Faith skill, Sea Suppression Seal (expert), Respect Skill, Holy Black Tortoise Body (expert), Faith skill, Turtle Divination (expert), Faith skill, Black Tortoise Fist (expert)

It was the same for Turtle and the others. First, a pile of messy faith skills fused into a perfect physique skill. This time, with the Black Tortoise Divine Power as the core, it fused into the Holy Black Tortoise Body.

Apart from that, Turtle’s Water of Life also fused in and was absorbed by the higher power. Little Quas’s Vortex Strangulation fused into the Water Control.

The nature of the Green Dragon Indestructible Body, the Vermillion Bird clone, the Holy Black Tortoise Body, and the White Tiger Divine Armor were similar. Their abilities were very comprehensive, but in some directions, their specialization was a little different.

The Green Dragon Indestructible Body focused on strength and speed, mainly battle power. This might not be the true physique of the Four Holy Green Dragons, but it was Buggy’s own wish.

Their evolutionary directions were all according to their own ideas.

For example, Buggy wanted to be first on the team and compete with Eleven. Its Green Dragon Indestructible Body mainly focused on battle power, and all other abilities were in service of battle.

For example, Chi Tong’s wish was to protect Shi Yu.

The Vermillion Bird clone could make one’s soul indestructible, complete evolution, and become a real life form, reviving from the dead.

It could be said that Baby Ginseng’s Undying Fruit, together with the blessings of the Vermillion Bird, was equivalent to Shi Yu having an immortal body.

Even if its body and soul were destroyed, as long as Chi Tong didn’t die, it could save Shi Yu through the traces of the contract.

On the other hand, the Holy Black Tortoise Body had unlimited life and endless energy. It could share its life with others and let people live a long time. It was probably not a problem for Shi Yu, who had contracted it, to live for as long as he wanted.

As the Turtle Prime Minister, it was its wish to allow Shi Yu live for a long time, while Little Quas wanted to have more energy to serve Shi Yu.

From this, it could be seen that their skills had very strong preferences. Although they were all blended and evolved, they were more or less affected by their preferences. This was also a characteristic that Shi Yu only discovered later.

[The skills evolved and blended are related to the experience, personality, and wishes of the pet. It’s a manifestation of the heart.]

As for the greatest trait of the White Tiger Divine Armor, it could naturally share the armor with others and let others increase in all aspects, forming an army skill.

Shi Yu calculated that this cat really wanted to establish some Shi Yu Divine Sect. It had even prepared the team uniform for its believers. It was the White Tiger Divine Armor.

Of course, this wasn’t the most important thing. The most important thing were the two new skills obtained by the Black Tortoise.

Faith skill, Turtle Divination.

Faith skill, Black Tortoise Fist.

Although Turtle Divination wasn’t a battle skill, Shi Yu replicated it almost immediately after discovering it.

He was even more pleasantly surprised than seeing any skill. He was almost knocked out by joy.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, this skill was simply too impressive.

With the help of Turtle Divination, the Black Tortoise could sign a temporary contract with other lives.

Then, it could form an alternate space. This alternate space was called the Netherworld.

In the Netherworld, it could consume the power of faith and summon this person’s ancestor soul.

It wasn’t really awakening the undead, but finding traces of its history in the universe.

Just like how the shadow of history in the ruins would be recorded by time, traces of life forms actually could too, but it was even harder to see, and this skill could do it.

In the Netherworld, the Black Tortoise could consume the power of faith to ask some questions to the awakened undead. Then, it could bring back the answers and show them to the world in the shape of a prophecy.

Wasn’t this an awesome archeological skill?

The one who knew this skill was a divine-level old turtle. The other party was quite famous in the entire World King Planet. With this ability, it also earned a lot of faith power.

The condition it gave for divination was that it had to double the price of the power of faith needed.

Shi Yu didn’t replicate this skill while in combat, but this old turtle set up a stall in the ruins. Shi Yu found other opportunities to replicate it.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, this skill was his greatest gain this time…

Turtle was forever a god.

The other was the Black Tortoise Fist. It was a skill with a very simple name. Shi Yu had replicated it on the strongest quasi-divine of the Black Tortoise Family. This skill sounded ordinary, but the effect was extraordinary.

Just like the Dragon Star Group, the Black Tortoise Fist could be condensed in advance! It could store the fist intent that had blended with the power of faith in its body.

However, unlike the Dragon Star Group, as long as the Black Tortoise Fist blended a trace of power of faith, it could increase the power of faith itself endlessly, thereby strengthening its strength. It could be said to be a faith skill that saved a lot of power of faith.

Moreover, the increase in speed wasn’t slow. Coupled with the terrifying lifespan of the Black Tortoise, one could imagine how terrifying the strength of the Black Tortoise that knew this skill could erupt if it seriously prepared for battle and endured for millions of years before fighting.

If the Faith Overdraft that Shi Yu wanted to learn was a loan, then this Black Tortoise Fist could actually be saved and even generate interest. This opened a new path of thinking for Shi Yu.