Chapter 1424 - 1424 Shearing The Four Holy Family'S Wool (4)

1424 Shearing the Four Holy Family’s Wool (4)

“You lost too.” The White King, Hong Ji, and Ming Wu rushed over to congratulate Tian Yu.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This Guardian Green Dragon also mastered the power of creation…” Tian Yu’s face darkened. “I can’t use the power of faith, but it can.”

“But what do the three of you mean? You seem very happy that I lost?”

White King, Hong Ji, and Ming Wu couldn’t deny it. Of course, that was an extraordinary joy.

“Are these guys here to be a joke?” When Captain Zi Jian of the special battle team, who was patiently cracking the ruins, saw the four geniuses of the Four Holy Family being sent flying out of the challenge ruins one after another, she couldn’t help but mock.

The four geniuses of the Four Saints Family didn’t look very smart.

At this moment, Captain Zi Jian surprisingly saw a figure. That figure, like her, had a smile aimed at the geniuses of the Four Holy Families. Moreover, he smiled as if he was even happier than her. He hid behind the stone pillars of the ruins and smiled.

Zi Jian: “?”

When Zi Jian saw this figure, she recalled something. This guy… wasn’t he…

“Shi Yu.” Zi Jian activated telepathy with Shi Yu from afar and shouted his name. As for Shi Yu, who had had a huge harvest, he was also stunned when he heard someone call him. Then, he looked at Captain Zi Jian.

“So you didn’t leave. You’re smiling so happily. Could it be that you made some progress in cracking the ruins? You stayed behind to study this Four Holy Ruins too, right?” She looked at Shi Yu from afar and walked over step by step. She quickly arrived in front of Shi Yu. Although she had the appearance of a young girl, she was even taller than Shi Yu and looked down at him.

“Uh, Captain Zi Jian…” Shi Yu was too happy and didn’t notice the other party. He thought that the other party had already forgotten him. In the past few days, he had seen that Zi Jian and President Zong Jie were very fixated with the ruins and didn’t care about anything else.

“What can I gain… I just feel that it’s a little interesting to see the geniuses of the Four Holy Families suffer,” Shi Yu said with an awkward smile.

“Have you considered my previous words? Are you interested in joining the cosmic overlord army and serving me?” she said. “The archeological association of the World King Planet can’t even see your talent. You should know what’s more suitable for you, right?”

“Thank you for your good intentions, Captain Zi Jian. I’ll consider it,” Shi Yu immediately said.

“I hope you’ll consider it seriously.”

Seeing that Shi Yu was really boring, Zi Jian snorted and turned to leave. As for Shi Yu, he looked at the sky and continued to summarize his gains.

…

After a few days since the opening of the Four Holy Ruins of the Heavenly Spirit Realm, in the Floating Realm, the Space Emperor kept hearing the news from the Heavenly Spirit Realm and was completely convinced.

What did he say? An archeologist was definitely not a down-to-earth profession. After hearing from Lin Feng that Shi Yu had cracked the Four Holy Ruins, the Space Emperor was shocked and delighted.

But soon, he understood that Shi Yu was playing more and more over there. He had even messed with the younger generation of the Four Holy Families over and over again. He had already expected how much resistance Shi Yu would face when he moved the ruins…

The era ruins had a very strong speciality, unlike ordinary ruins that could transform into ruins props and be casually taken away. They were like a small world. If they wanted to move away, it was worse than a planet wandering in the universe, and the commotion was even greater than the explosion of the sun. At that time, it was impossible to hide it. The entire Heavenly Spirit Domain would be shocked.

“Old Wang, you’re still worried?” In the Sky City temple, Lin Feng flew over and held a bottle of wine. “Shi Yu said that if he wants to obtain the authority of the ruins, he has to keep fighting. This can’t be helped.”

“Aren’t you surprised? I originally said that it would take Shi Yu a few years to achieve good results in the God Sealing Battle, but from the looks of it, in just a few months, his Blue Sea Sprite has evolved into a cleansing star spirit. His Iron-eating Beast defeated the junior god of the Kirin Race, and its mechanical phantom beast learned disaster skills. The Four Holy Beasts he cultivated also quickly grew up because they cracked the ruins of the era and acquired a huge amount of faith resources…”

“That Green Dragon even defeated the strongest quasi-divine Tian Yu of the Green Dragon Family, who’s eighth in the God Sealing Battle, right? Why do I feel that this beast, Shi Yu, can obtain pretty good results in the God Sealing Battle this year?”

“As long as he can use those Four Holy Beasts… Perhaps he can really vie with the top few monsters who took first place… We just need to resolve his mess.”

“Yes…” The corners of the Space Emperor’s mouth also twitched. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to improve so quickly. The Dragon God who came to the World King Planet with Shi Yu had cultivated three quasi-divine skills in a short period of time. It was already shocking enough, but Shi Yu was even more ridiculous.

“Let’s not talk about him first. How’s the situation on Blue Planet?” Lin Feng asked.

Emperor Kong said, “At this time, it should have completely revived. The latest news hasn’t come yet.”

As soon as the Space Emperor finished speaking, in the teleportation area, Zi Lan, the disciple of the Space Emperor who used the Teleportation Key Stones to travel to Blue Planet and World King Planet, flew in the direction of the Sky City Temple with an anxious expression.

The Space Emperor frowned and looked in a certain direction. He muttered, “What a coincidence. Our communication ambassador is here, but from the looks of it, what she brought back doesn’t seem to be good news…”

“Huh?” Lin Feng also looked in the direction Zi Lan flew in.

“Zi Lan, what happened?” The Space Emperor teleported the flying Zi Lan to the temple from afar. At this moment, Zi Lan was panting. She looked at the Space Emperor and Lin Feng and said, “Teacher, Lord Lin Feng, bad news.”