Chapter 1425 - 1425 Shearing The Four Holy Family'S Wool (5)

1425 Shearing the Four Holy Family’s Wool (5)

“Something happened on Blue Planet.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Blue Planet’s revival failed?” Lin Feng asked.

“No, it succeeded. A month ago, Blue Planet was successfully revived. In a month, it steadily completed its restoration. Those demigods who were stuck at the demigod-level bottleneck for hundreds or thousands of years were able to break through. Those gods of the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era also recovered their peak strength.”

“Isn’t that good?” Lin Feng said.

“However, apart from allowing the current legendary demigod to break through and allow the gods of the Mythical Era to recover to the peak, the revival of Blue Planet has also awakened some invaders who have yet to be completely eliminated since the Mythical Era!”

“In the past half a month, several divine-levels have mysteriously disappeared. In the end, it’s completely confirmed that they were swallowed by a remaining Space Worm!”

“There’s a Space Worm. I don’t know what method it used to dodge the cleansing at the end of the Blue Planet War and survive until now. This Space Worm is very strong, and its strength has reached the realm of an intermediate god. Apart from the abilities of the Space Worm Race, it also mastered the power of the abyss. It might have devoured the abyss invaders in its early years.”

“The current junior gods on Blue Planet aren’t its match at all.”

“Most importantly, this Space Worm is very careful. It has been hiding in the dark and only ambushes divine-level creatures. It doesn’t do any other damage and is still evolving quickly. At this rate, when it grows to the level of a high-level god, Blue Planet will be in danger.”

At this moment, when they heard Zi Lan’s report, Emperor Kong and Lin Feng revealed serious expressions.

There was actually a Space Worm left on Blue Planet?

“Where’s the Blue Planet’s Will and the World Tree? Those junior gods left behind aren’t their match. It should have a way, right?” Lin Feng said.

“Even if it hasn’t recovered to its peak, it shouldn’t be a problem to deal with an intermediate god.”

Zi Lan said, “The Blue Planet’s will can’t confirm its position either. It said that the other party’s ability is very strange and is similar to a cosmic behemoth. It said that not only might this Space Worm have devoured the flesh and blood of the Abyss Race, but it might also have devoured the blood of the cosmic behemoth that was killed back then and then learned its divine power. It’s very difficult to find.”

“Moreover, the planet’s laws have just been perfected. If the Blue Planet’s will uses the power of the world to fight an intermediate deity now, the recovered planet will probably immediately fall back to its original state.”

“What the hell? It devoured the cosmic behemoth and the Abyss Race again. The three races have fused,” Lin Feng couldn’t help but say.

“So now, we can only come to Teacher and the others to ask for help. The present Blue Planet almost doesn’t have any way to fight back this guy,” Zi Lan said.

The Space Emperor and Lin Feng looked at each other and were serious. The key was that they didn’t lose for the time being. Although the present Blue Planet could accommodate divine-levels, they couldn’t pass at all.

At the moment, on the World King Planet, only Zi Lan, the Phoenix Man, the Angel Race, the Demon Race, the geniuses they brought, Shi Yu, the Dragon God, and the gem cat could head to Blue Planet.

“Wait, you just said that the Space Worm nurtures the power of the abyss?” the Space Emperor suddenly said.

“Yes, Teacher.”

“Lin Feng, go find Shi Yu and let Shi Yu return to Blue Planet. He should be able to settle this matter,” the Space Emperor said. “Let’s prepare some tools that can be used by him.”

“Uh.” Lin Feng was stunned before quickly reacting. Yes, if it was a simple intermediate-level god, Shi Yu definitely couldn’t do anything. At the divine level, the strength of each stage would undergo a qualitative change. Even the number one in the past God Sealing Battles, who had challenged for hundreds of years, had never been able to defeat an intermediate-level deity two levels higher.

However, if this intermediate deity was an abyssal life form, it would be a different story. Shi Yu had contracted the cleansing star spirit. To handle the Abyss Race, the battle power of the cleansing star spirit had to increase by at least one level. This was restraint. In addition, Shi Yu’s cleansing star spirit’s cleansing skill was a top-notch law that contained attack stats. It had to increase by at least two levels. In addition to their preparations, a cosmic abyss worm shouldn’t be able to cause any waves.

“I’ll go find Shi Yu,” Lin Feng said.

“Wait, wait?!” Zi Lan was stunned. She looked at the two lords. The opponent was an intermediate god, but was he letting Shi Yu go?