Chapter 1429 - Chapter 1429 Blue Planet'S Number One Person (4)

Chapter 1429 Blue Planet’s Number One Person (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It could be said that if it weren’t for the fact that in this ruin, Turtle and the others had the absolute right to control the power of faith, in addition to the fact that the genius of the Black Tortoise Family was young, this battle wouldn’t have been easy.

“Ruins… Why are the ruins closed?!”

A few days later, something unexpected happened in the Four Holy Ruins.

Under everyone’s stunned expressions, the Four Saints Leaderboard emitted a violent light. A “large amount” of essence power of faith spewed out of the Four Saints Stone Tablet.

Seeing this, many of the Four Saints Evolvers’ eyes turned red, but the power of faith of the Four Saints seemed to have a master as it lingered around the four lives, not giving others a chance to fight.

These four lives were surprisingly the strongest quasi-divines of the four major families.

During this period of time, they had maintained first place on the Four Saints Leaderboard and were the challengers with the best battle results.

Seeing the appearance of the Four Holy Ruins and rewarding them, everyone also felt that it was only natural.

However, for these four people…

“That’s it?” The genius quasi divine of the Four Saints Family sensed the power of faith lingering and fell into deep thought.

The power of faith was too weak!

For the other Four Saints Evolvers, this might be a lot, but who were they? The Four Saints Family was the strongest below the Divine Realm. Every year, the power of faith distributed by the family was more than this!

This wasn’t why they wasted a month in the Four Saints Ruins!

Soon, everyone was teleported out.

“Damn it!” Captain Zi Jian looked at the closed ruins and was very dissatisfied. She felt that… it was such a shame.

The ruins closed at this moment, making her suspect that the ruins were targeting her.

“Be content. Usually, the Four Saint Ruins only open for 10 days. This time, it’s only shut after a month,” someone said.

“How can I be satisfied? In the past, even if it only opened for a day, I could still obtain some power of faith, but this month… It seems like no one has obtained the power of faith. This time, it’s a huge pit!”

“No, no, no. Those geniuses from the Four Saints Family still obtained it.”

“It’s still a scam!”

Many Four Saints Evolvers cursed.

When Shi Yu heard that, he felt extremely guilty. He retreated slightly behind the crowd and prepared to leave.

It wasn’t that he was stingy.

Instead, it was because he couldn’t bear to give too much. It didn’t matter if he was extravagant with his pets. However, giving the force of faith to people he didn’t know was even more uncomfortable than killing him. Shi Yu only gave some to the four leaderboards on account of the fact that they had provided four top-notch skills.

Otherwise, he wouldn’t give a single bit of force of faith.

“Four Holy Ruins… See you in a few months.” Shi Yu left the Four Holy Ancient City dejectedly. Although he couldn’t take away the Four Holy Ruins, he had taken away a large number of faith crystals this time.

This amount was enough for four little holy beasts to dissipate their support points every day and fight above their level for a few years.

It was enough for a long time.

…

Floating Realm.

Soon after, Shi Yu returned. Just as Shi Yu arrived at the Sky Temple, he discovered that the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, the Dragon God, and the gem cat were all here.

“Senior Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, Senior Dragon God, Teacher Ying,” Shi Yu immediately said after landing.

“Yes.” Everyone nodded.

“You’re here.” The Space Emperor said, “Did the preparations go smoothly?”

“Yes,” Shi Yu said.

“Then I’ll leave Blue Planet to you to take a look, but don’t force it. If you’re not an opponent, retreat immediately. Then, let Lin Feng slowly rush to Blue Planet,” the Space Emperor said.

“Wu.” Lin Feng looked bitter. To be honest, he didn’t want to undergo a few years of starry sky navigation. It was too boring and too dangerous.

“I’ll do my best,” Shi Yu said. “Is Senior Dragon God going back too?”

The Dragon God shook her head and said, “Forget it. I can’t help you even if I go. I’ll leave it to you.”

The Dragon God was naturally informed that something had happened to Blue Planet, but she was helpless. Even if she returned to Blue Planet to break through, she wasn’t a match for an intermediate god.

Lin Feng said, “Only you this time. Teacher Ying will go.”

“Sigh.” Teacher Ying had a bitter expression. What was going on? Previously, she didn’t want to come to the World King Planet because she was worried that the World King Planet would be in danger. In the end, now that she had come to the World King Planet, Blue Planet was the one in danger first. Moreover, it was pulled to a perilous place by Shi Yu to commit a sin!

Of course, Teacher Ying only complained on the surface. If the danger involved Dong Huang, she would definitely attack with all her might. A hundred years ago, an undead disaster happened in the Ancient Capital. The gem cat could have escaped, but in order to save the students at that time, it still exceeded the limit and completed its evolution, leading the teachers and students to counterattack.

Unfortunately, this story was only living in legends. After entering a peaceful era, Teacher Ying seemed to have its will corroded by corruption and became more and more corrupt.

If it weren’t for Shi Yu’s admission, she might still be counting money at Ancient Capital University.

“There’s no time to lose. Teacher Ying, let’s go,” Shi Yu said to Teacher Ying after obtaining the backing equipment and resources from the Space Emperor and the others.

“Alright.”

Both parties took out the Teleportation Key Stones and the cosmic crystals prepared by the Space Emperor.

“Have a safe trip,” the Space Emperor and the others said.

“Wait for our good news,” Shi Yu said.

As the cosmic crystal fused into the Teleportation Key Stones, Shi Yu and the gem cat’s bodies were wrapped in strong white light. Then, they disappeared from the World King Planet.

After they left, the Dragon God looked worried.

Emperor Kong said, “Senior Dragon God, don’t worry. Believe in Shi Yu. When Lin Feng and I were legendaries back then, we were already mixed in the battlefield with top-notch gods and were chased all day. What he’s facing now isn’t an impossible challenge. To him, it shouldn’t be a crisis. Young people have to experience some training.”