Chapter 1422 - Chapter 1422 Shearing The Four Holy Family'S Wool (2)

Chapter 1422 Shearing the Four Holy Family’s Wool (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It could be said that as long as they were willing to expend the power of faith, even if the distance was far, enemies who harbored ill intentions towards themselves could be sensed. They could administer punishment across great distances. However, generally speaking, unless they encountered special circumstances, the White Tigers with this skill wouldn’t use it casually, as the consumption of the power of faith was indeed enormous.

In proximate combat, the Power of Retribution was much easier to use. After attacking the opponent, it could activate the opponent’s malice and awaken the enemy’s negative emotions. Then, it would cause a critical hit and release the power of faith needed. It was also much smaller than attacking an unknown enemy.

This was also why the White King could be ranked as the second genius of the Four Holy Family.

“There’s finally a strong one.” Shi Yu was also gratified when he heard everyone’s conversation.

White Tiger Retribution! He had long reserved this skill. With this, as long as there was enough power of faith to support it, he could largely avoid any conspiracy or assassination. Shi Yu felt that someone like him, who could cause trouble, could have half a life more with the White Tiger’s retribution skill.

“White King, you’re finally here.” In a camp around the White Tiger Leaderboard, a top-notch Divine White Tiger looked at the tigerman and said.

“Uncle!” The White King greeted the top-notch White Tiger God. “What’s the status now?”

“At the moment, there’s still no one who can overcome that Guardian White Tiger. The best result is 0.9 Guardian White Tiger power. It was fought by your big brother, approximately comparable to 90% of the Guardian White Tiger’s strength?” The top-notch White Tiger God deduced. “Your strength is several times stronger than that of your big brother. It shouldn’t be a problem for you to defeat the Guardian White Tiger!”

“Alright!” The White King nodded and looked at the White Tiger Leaderboard. “Uncle, do you have any other instructions? If not, I’ll try challenging it.”

“Yes! Remember to… remember to leave all the treasures on you outside,” the top-notch White Tiger God said with a strange expression. “The other three Guardian Holy Beasts are alright, but this one is a little strange. Its attack can easily knock away the treasures carried by the challenger. At worst, it can cause a strong blow to the challenger’s precious organs. Many challengers lack teeth, claws, and beards after coming out. It’s very ferocious.”

The White King fell into deep thought and nodded heavily.

Before coming here, what he had heard the most was that the Guardian Holy Beast of the Four Holy Ruins had very high control over the power of faith. However, he wasn’t very worried about this. Even if he didn’t use the power of faith, he was still the first tier below the Divine Realm.

Although the Power of Retribution could only display the strongest effect with the enhancement of the power of faith, it wasn’t impossible to use it without the power of faith. Even half the effect was enough.

His best result in the God Sealing Battle was ranked 20th, so he had the right to be arrogant.

Although the rules in this ruin didn’t allow human contractors to assist him, he alone was confident enough to say that he was the strongest White Tiger Evolver below the God Realm.

At this moment, the White King was only worried that the Guardian Holy Beast was an inanimate object and a program. It wouldn’t be mobilized by the Power of Retribution. In that case, it would have the greatest headache.

“I wonder if the White King can clear it.” As the White King arrived, many White Tiger Evolvers made way. There was no need for it to queue. Everyone wanted to see if the strongest White Tiger Evolver in the quasi-divine stage could pass the White Tiger Leaderboard Ruins.

A moment later, the White King entered the challenge level.

Inside the White Tiger Ruins, the armored Shorty looked at the White King in front of it with a burning gaze.

“Challenger, tell me your name.”

“The strongest quasi-divine of the White Tiger Family, White King.” White King directly condensed a golden ax and made a battle posture, looking at the short-legged White Tiger in front of him.

Faith skill, White Tiger Warrior!

Weapons forged by the power of faith could be tempered with the power of faith.

“Meow!!!” Both parties instantly attacked together. The White King leaped up. He listened to the other party’s cry and fell into deep thought.

Why did it sound like a cat?

However…

Just as the White King had heard, the White Tiger’s control over the power of faith was indeed very strong. It only had a trace of the power of faith that it could use. Even if it used the power of faith stored in its body, most of its strength would be deprived by the other party.

Fortunately, the other party couldn’t snatch away the faith arms that had condensed into a combat weapon.

Boom!!!

The golden ax was filled with purple light, and the laws of retribution lingered, turning into a purple-gold battle axe. The ax hit the tiger palm of Shorty.

At this moment, to the White King’s joy, the Power of Retribution could even activate the malice of the Guardian Holy Beast. This attack directly caused critical hit damage, instantly sending Shorty flying!!

Bang!!!

Giant cracks appeared on the armor, condensed from the strong power of faith in Shorty’s body. It was only a step away from shattering. It was also smashed a hundred meters away by the other party and hammered into the wall.

“Hehe.” The White King let out a triumphant roar and continued to charge.

Even his trashy big brother obtained 0.9 Guardian White Tiger power. His strength exceeded that of the other party several times. It was reasonable for him to have Guardian White Tiger power several times stronger.

However, just as the White King thought that victory was in its grasp and it could quickly suppress the Guardian White Tiger to win, the overlord-level fluctuations on the Guardian White Tiger suddenly loosened, and its growth level increased to the quasi-divine level. In an instant, its strength increased greatly.

“Possession.” At the same time, a voice that only Shorty could hear resounded in its heart. In Shorty’s delight, Shi Yu’s spirit and soul, with the high-level use of the Fusion Talent and the form of the ruins spirit, possessed Shorty’s heart and resonated with it.