Chapter 1427 - 1427 Blue Planet'S Number One Person (2)

1427 Blue Planet’s Number One Person (2)

“Therefore, the situation on Blue Planet shouldn’t be that bad. Set off after you’ve prepared adequately.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I see. Then I’ll accumulate more power of faith…” Shi Yu said.

As for the opponent being very sneaky? That wasn’t a problem.

Back then, Yun An was also like this. However, through the owl’s premonition, he still found it.

Even if the Prediction Owl couldn’t predict the divine-level location, there was still Shorty.

Now, Shorty had also learned the Retribution White Tiger skill.

At that time, it could shout and curse that worm.

As long as it developed a trace of hostility…

In that case, Shi Yu could squander the power of faith to find its location.

“Senior Lin Feng, help inform Teacher Ying of the Blue Wave World and let her go back with me. I might need her help.”

Teacher Gem Cat’s Wish Star skill…

The opponent was an intermediate-level god. Even if Shi Yu had a bunch of advantages, he didn’t dare be sloppy. He had never fought an intermediate-level god. It was already so difficult for Eleven to fight a weak initial-level god of the Kirin Race. One could imagine the strength of an intermediate-level god.

The opponent was a monster of the Space Worm Race that suppressed all the gods on Blue Planet. They had to be fully prepared.

In terms of strength, it might be close to a high-level god.

Although the cat wasn’t strong, it was always good to have more support.

Shi Yu had also copied the Wish Star skill, but unfortunately, his pets didn’t learn compatibility. It was a huge loss.

A moment later, Senior Lin Feng left. Shi Yu shouted at Buggy, Chi Tong, Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty at the same time.

“That’s what happened. Next, we might have to return to Blue Planet to deal with the unexpected situation.”

“We can’t take away the Four Holy Ruins, but we can take away some faith power. I’ll give you a day. Try your best to absorb the power of faith and store it in your bodies until the limit.”

“I will also condense the power of faith into a faith crystal through authority and store it away.”

“Roar!!” Buggy and the others replied in their territory.

Intermediate god?

This wasn’t easy to fight.

“Yi!” Only Baby Ginseng was slightly excited. Was its divine-level first clear finally here?

Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, and the others placed their hopes on Susu and the Four Holy Beasts, but Baby Ginseng was also very impressive.

So what if Eleven defeated a primary-level god! It was going to blow up an intermediate-level god now!

“Baby Ginseng, assist well and don’t think too much.”

“Blue Planet has just recovered and is still in a weak stage. It’s not for you to blow up.”

Baby Ginseng: “…Wu wu wu wu.”

Shi Yu shook his head and began to condense the faith crystal, preparing to take it away as a resource. This also required time.

At the same time, he also began to summarize his profits during this period of time and formulate tactics.

On Buggy’s side, the skills didn’t change much. Shi Yu also copied a few Green Dragon faith skills, including the Green Dragon Creation of the strongest quasi-divine feather of the Green Dragon Family.

However, these skills were all included by Buggy’s skills.

The success rate of the fusion of the Green Dragon Creation Domain and the Creation Domain was actually extremely high.

After fusing, Shi Yu realized that the abilities of these two skills were 99% similar. It was almost as if the same skill had changed its name. Fortunately, it didn’t occupy the skill slot.

Apart from that, the other faith skills that Shi Yu took a fancy to were also perfectly included by the Creation Domain and the Green Dragon Indestructible Body. They had all fused.

The current Green Dragon Indestructible Body could be said to be a very perfect physique. As long as there was the power of faith, one could achieve immortality and could recover from injuries in seconds. It enabled one to unleash bursts of energy, allowing Buggy and the others to fight for a month without resting. It was all thanks to their abnormal physique skills that they could use the power of faith to recover from injuries, vitality, and energy without any burden.

Just like Buggy, the changes on Chi Tong’s side were also relatively small. The compatibility between the Vermillion Bird clone and other faith skills was very high. The few faith skills copied had also been fused into the Vermillion Bird clone. Among them, the greatest gain was the “World Destruction Flame”.

This was a true divine skill that contained the prototype of a world-destroying law. It was stronger than the Destruction law mastered by Little Ji. Of course, according to the Creation Domain, it was still a little inferior. After all, creation was much harder than destruction.

If Buggy and Chi Tong’s improvement was just icing on the cake, then the enhancement of the Fusion Black Tortoise and the Armored White Tiger was a qualitative change.

< Name > Shorty

[Race Skill]

“Quasi Divine-level”: Metal Control (expert), Gem King Eye (expert), Killing Wind (expert), White Tiger Fiend (expert), faith skill, White Tiger Divine Armor (expert), faith skill, Retribution White Tiger (expert), faith skill, Treasure Hunting White Tiger (expert)

Apart from the most special Retribution White Tiger, the other copied faith skills were fused by Shi Yu into the White Tiger Armor skill. The White Tiger Armor evolved into the White Tiger Divine Armor. The difference of one word was like the difference between heaven and earth.

The current White Tiger Divine Armor had almost become the normal state like Buggy’s Green Dragon Indestructible Body. It had various effects, including healing, strengthening, defense, eruption, attack, support, and many other abilities.

It could be said that compared to the real body of Shorty, the White Tiger Divine Armor was more like its main body. As long as the enemy didn’t completely blast the White Tiger Divine Armor into nothingness, all the damage Shorty suffered would be transferred to the armor.

Even if its main body was blasted into pieces, there was still a fragment of the armor outside. It could also rely on the power of faith to be reborn with this armor fragment.