Chapter 1426 - 1426 Blue Planet'S Number One Person (1)

1426 Blue Planet’s Number One Person (1)

Shi Yu was addicted to pulling wool.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The arrival of the geniuses of the Four Holy Family began to give Shi Yu relatively good gains.

Then, a month later, through continuous battles, Shi Yu finally obtained complete authority over the ruins!

For the past month, the Four Holy Beasts in Shi Yu’s team had been fighting every day and at all times.

The huge EXP bar was simply a leap in their battle power.

Especially Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty. Their strength directly changed from the little transparency of the second team to the monster level that wasn’t inferior to the first team.

Under the enhancement of the power of faith, it could also completely fight head-on with a junior god.

Unfortunately, due to the specialty of the era ruins, it couldn’t be turned into a ruin tool at all. Although he had completely become the owner of the ruins, Shi Yu couldn’t easily move them away.

If he moved away, the commotion would be too big. At the moment, he had yet to legally obtain the identity of the ruins. He needed to consider it in the future.

It was also because of this that Shi Yu was still cultivating in the ruins and didn’t leave immediately.

Although he had already taken the greatest advantage, the one Shi Yu had let in to challenge was only at the demigod level.

After that, he was also prepared to let the divine level in. At that time, he could start a new round of cutting grass.

“It’s about time. From tomorrow onwards, I’ll start to give the junior god the right to challenge.” Standing in the ruins, Shi Yu thought to himself.

For the past two days, he had done nothing.

It was to mobilize the essence of the power of faith in the ruins to temper the Four Holy Beasts in the team.

This process could optimize their Four Holy Beasts bloodlines and increase their bloodline levels.

It allowed their physical strength, energy value, life force, spiritual power, and soul strength to increase greatly.

In addition to the new faith skills that had been replicated and fused, their current bloodline levels should have already exceeded most divine-level Four Holy Beasts. They could even suppress divine-level Four Saints Evolvers with their bloodlines.

“Huh?” Shi Yu, who was in deep thought, was suddenly stunned. He suddenly realized that Senior Lin Feng, who had left to return to the Floating Realm a long time ago, had come to the ruins again.

“Senior Lin Feng, have you calculated it?”

“I was just about done here when you came.”

Just as Lin Feng entered, Shi Yu teleported near him and said with a smile.

He remembered that he had previously said that after obtaining the complete authority of the ruins, he would give Lin Feng a pile of the power of faith of the White Tiger.

Two days ago, he had just obtained the complete authority of the ruins, and now Lin Feng was here. It really didn’t take a while.

“Shi Yu!” After Lin Feng arrived, he was slightly stunned when he heard Shi Yu’s words. “You succeeded?”

He naturally knew what Shi Yu meant by “finished”. Lin Feng couldn’t help but be delighted.

Good kid!

With the Four Holy Ruins, Shi Yu himself cultivated the Four Holy Beasts. After Shi Yu stepped into the divine level, even if Shi Yu was a pig, he could lead his pets to be almost invincible below the super divine.

The Dong Huang bloodline on Blue Planet still had a very strong sense of belonging to the name Dong Huang.

But soon, Lin Feng’s expression changed. “That’s not the most important thing now… Let’s talk somewhere else! I have other things to talk to you about.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu saw Lin Feng’s expression change and said, “Alright.”

“Did something happen to Teacher Ying in the Blue Wave World… I dreamed last night that she went berserk during cultivation and evolved from a cat into a golden leopard.”

“No, no…” Lin Feng was speechless. What kind of dream was this?

Shi Yu brought Lin Feng to an independent space. In space, Lin Feng said solemnly, “Something happened to Blue Planet.”

Lin Feng told Shi Yu about Zi Lan’s reports to the Space Emperor one by one.

During this period, Shi Yu’s expression kept changing. In the end, when Lin Feng finished speaking, he said, “Why are there still remaining invaders on Blue Planet…”

“The other party’s methods are indeed shocking. Back then, among the three invaders of Blue Planet, this worm was one of them and swallowed the other two. Its talent now should be only inferior to the Worm Empress at that time.” The corners of Lin Feng’s mouth twitched.

It was alright to devour the Abyss Race and successfully digest it, but this guy was actually suspected to have even swallowed a portion of the flesh and blood of a super divine-level cosmic behemoth and survived. This was very terrifying.

“So it means that you want me to bring Susu back to kill, right?” Shi Yu said.

Lin Feng nodded and said, “None of the experts above the intermediate god level on the floating planet have the teleportation point of Blue Planet. We can’t go over. Even if we can go over, the resources needed to reach the divine level are too expensive. We can’t afford it. As for relying on interstellar navigation from World King Planet to Blue Planet now, even if it’s very smooth, it will take several years.”

“At the moment, you’re the only one who can go back and deal with that guy. Susu can pose a threat to that intermediate god with the specialty of the cleansing star spirit.”

“Moreover, you’ve also successfully forged the Four Holy Ruins and accumulated enough faith power. The Four Holy Beasts should be able to pose a certain threat to intermediate-level, right?”

“In addition, Senior Space Emperor and I will also prepare some equipment and assets to temporarily boost your strength.”

“What we mean is that you should go back and take a look first. If you can’t resolve it, I’ll try to go to Blue Planet from here! Although it will take a long time, this is the only way.”

“Alright, I understand. I’ll prepare and go back immediately,” Shi Yu said seriously.

Lin Feng said, “I heard that that guy is fairly wretched. It clearly has the strongest strength on Blue Planet and has been preying in the dark. It conceals for a long time every time it hunts. After you reach there, you might not necessarily be able to locate it immediately.”