Chapter 1439 - 1439 Half A Year Later (6)

1439 Half a Year Later (6)

“Sure, sure. Go.” Shi Yu smiled.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Cough!” Qi said in embarrassment, “I’ll go find Buggy to apply an illusion to me. Otherwise, with my current size, I’ll definitely scare Grandma Ge Lin and the others…”

“That’s true.” Shi Yu was amused. The Time Sprite was really strange!

It was no longer important if Qi could find the monster worm. During this period, they tried various methods but couldn’t find it. Shi Yu had already given up and planned to wait for the worm to run out on its own.

The due date for the owl’s premonition was getting closer and closer…

The other party’s arrival should be in the next few days.

It had to come out quickly! After settling it now, he could still return to World King Planet and catch up to the God Sealing Battle.

…

Qi flew eagerly in the direction of Tingxiang.

After leaving Tingxiang, she hadn’t seen Grandma Ge Lin for a long time.

Now, Ge Lin had already become a legendary blacksmith. Because she had a good relationship with Qi and Qi had been contracted by the former number one person on Blue Planet, Shi Yu, Ge Lin’s current status in Tingxiang was very high.

Boom!

Boom!

In the palace of Tingxiang, Master Ge Lin was leisurely forging weapons for the younger generation of the royal family with various high-level materials. Suddenly, this bearded dwarf seemed to have heard a familiar voice.

“Grandma Ge Lin!”

In the crafting room, as a spatial ripple appeared, Ge Lin looked at the recognizable figure that appeared and was stunned!

“Qi…?!”

She put down the hammer and looked at the even more beautiful and delicate Qi. She exclaimed, “Qi, you’re back??”

“Yes!” Qi chuckled.

“Grandma Ge Lin, long time no see.”

“Yeah, long time no see. How are you doing at Shi Yu’s place? Did he bully you?” Grandma Ge Lin asked worriedly.

“Why are you still the same height? You don’t look like you’ve grown at all. Did you eat badly?”

The old woman looked at Qi, who was still more than a meter tall, and fell into deep thought.

After Shi Yu’s World Tournament, his reputation on Blue Planet became greater and greater. At the start, Ge Lin was very gratified that Qi had been taken away by Shi Yu.

However, later on, Shi Yu and his group of pets had their own performance. Even Little Ji and Duckie of the second team were active in the Alliance Meeting. However, during this period, only Qi had no news at all.

This made Ge Lin very worried about Qi’s situation. She thought that Qi wasn’t liked by Shi Yu and was neglected.

“No, I’m very good,” Qi said.

The reason why she didn’t appear much was because her identity was a little sensitive after awakening the power of the Time Sprite’s previous life.

This identity destined that Qi couldn’t help Shi Yu fight as a main battle member.

As for height, Qi was helpless. This was still Buggy’s disguise! If it was her real height, the problem would be even greater.

Not only did it not grow taller, but it also shrank severely.

“That’s true, that’s true. The ability you came over with just now was Instant Transmission, right?” Grandma Ge Lin said excitedly. “Looks like you’ve learned an impressive ability.”

“Let’s go. The environment here isn’t good. Let’s change places to drink! Ah, wait, you can’t drink.” Grandma Ge Lin was worried.

However, she still pulled Qi out of the crafting room.

However, just as both parties came out, there was suddenly a boom. The sky above Tingxiang trembled like a thunderclap!!

The sky instantly darkened.

A terrifying shadow appeared in the sky above Tingxiang Palace.

At the same time, Qi, who came out with Grandma Ge Lin, immediately sensed two very powerful auras.

Divine level!!

In the sky, two divine-level fluctuations!!!

One of them was very recognizable to Qi. It was the Elven Empress of Tingxiang.

However, the other one gave Qi a very unfamiliar feeling. Her expression changed slightly as she suddenly realized something.

“What happened?”

Grandma Ge Lin protected Qi behind her and looked at the sky in shock.

“Your Majesty!!”

At the same time, above the palace, the Elven Empress was facing a centipede with an abnormally huge body. Even if it circled, it was several streets long. Its shell looked very hard.

Seeing this centipede monster that was even larger than a dragon, the elves in the palace had frightened expressions.

“Space Worm!!” However, the ordinary elves didn’t know what was going on, but President Auland and the other Legendary Beast Tamers in the city knew some inside information.

This guy was probably the Space Worm that had caused an uproar previously and hunted divine-level beings!!

“Everyone, evacuate and seek help from the Blue Planet Alliance!! Those above the legendary level stay behind and protect the capital.” In the sky, the Elven Empress was also extremely nervous. She was a new divine-level Beast Tamer. Her contracted sprite had yet to reach the divine level. The Elven Empress felt that she was powerless to fight the centipede monster in front of her.

Legend had it that this monster only attacked lone gods in sparsely populated places.

Boom!!

Just as she finished speaking, the centipede monster that covered the sky attacked the Elven Empress. It opened its huge abyss-like mouth and devoured her.

In the capital of Tingxiang, many people watched this terrifying scene.

What exactly was this monster? It actually dared to attack the Elven Empress of their Tingxiang!!

After all, their Elven Empress had already advanced to the divine level.

However, they had indeed heard the words that the Elven Empress had spread throughout the city just now.

The Elven Empress wanted them to run and ask for help from Blue Planet. This meant that… this monster had the ability to threaten the god of Tingxiang and Tingxiang itself. It was very dangerous!!

“Run!!!” Many people heard the order and fled in all directions.

There were also some elite Elven Warriors who stayed on the spot, not wanting to give up on the Elven Empress and leave.