Chapter 1432 - 1432 The Owl'S Past Life (2)

1432 The Owl’s Past Life (2)

“Don’t worry, Eleven can also control Crowd Control well,” Shi Yu said. “A simple spar.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Teacher Owl, stop looking. I’ll give you the Reincarnation Fruit. I’ll eat it to adapt to my strength first,” Shi Yu said.

“I’ll do it! I have it here!” The gem cat took out a Reincarnation Fruit and handed it to the owl first.

“Uh…” Shi Yu said.

“Aiyo! Good lord!” The owl took the fruit and sensed the rich time power on it. Its eyes lit up.

“Hehe, quickly give it a try.”

The gem cat came to the owl’s side and said, “This fruit has already been upgraded. Previously, when you ate it, it didn’t have any effect. Perhaps your previous life wasn’t just a demigod, but a divine level! Now, it can definitely be traced back to the past.”

“Really?” the Prediction Owl pondered.

The gem cat revealed a sharp gaze. It was real and fake!

The fruit’s effect was real, but it didn’t believe that the owl had a divine-level past life.

The reason why it was looking forward to the owl eating it so much now was that it had asked Baby Ginseng to create this fruit.

A hybrid version of the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit and the taste of the Cultivation Fruit!

It had specially kept it for the owl to eat at such a time. It couldn’t be the only cat to experience the taste of the Cultivation Fruit.

“Come on!!” In the Duel Arena, Ancient God Golden Bull and Eleven faced each other.

The owl, who was just about to eat the fruit, couldn’t help but look over.

At the same time, President Divine Source and President Lin Xiao were also watching seriously. Their gazes were solemn and serious. Although Divine Source had broken through to the divine level, it had never engaged in a divine-level battle and was still modifying machinery.

As for President Lin Xiao, after reaching the legendary level, he also wanted to know the true meaning of the divine level more.

This battle might be a very good lesson.

Apart from that, the other six Inatella gods were also quite serious. They also wanted to know if Golden Bull’s body was rusted.

Bang!

In the form of a bullman, the corners of Ancient God Golden Bull’s mouth curled up. It first disappeared and instantly arrived beside Eleven like a golden light.

“Huh??” Eleven, who didn’t activate One Thought of God and Demon, was also shocked. It didn’t expect Ancient God Golden Bull’s full-strength state to be so strong. Its speed was actually much faster than melting ice cream on World King Planet.

If the Ice Kirin was a mage, then the Ancient God Golden Bull was a warrior!

“I can’t see clearly!” Divine Source Legendary observed with his mechanical eye and couldn’t discover Ancient God Golden Bull’s movements at all. President Lin Xiao also had a serious expression.

Boom!

Accompanied by a loud bang, everyone present saw that Ancient God Golden Bull’s uppercut had already hit Eleven’s stomach. At the same time, under the huge force, the ground of the entire arena shattered!!

The atmosphere trembled, and a hole appeared in the sky!

With a bang, Eleven was directly smashed into the sky like a flying meteor by Ancient God Golden Bull and passed through the hole!

The commotion of this punch was definitely not big for divine-level power. Just as Ancient God Golden Bull had said, its power was controlled very well and was all focused on Eleven.

However, although the commotion wasn’t big, President Divine Source and President Lin Xiao’s mouths were wide open. President Divine Source’s mechanical eye locked onto Eleven, who was sent flying, with a shocked expression.

Boom boom boom boom!!!

Because under the impact of the shocking power, sounds of tearing through the air kept coming from Eleven’s body. It was still flying backward, passing through the clouds and the ozone layer. The power on its body had yet to disappear until the starry sky!!

“Wuu…” A moment later, Eleven was sent flying into the universe by Ancient God Golden Bull’s punch. Its body shattered a small planet before stopping.

Eleven floated in the universe in confusion and opened its eyes. It touched its stomach and indeed felt some pain.

“What a joke. What power is this?” President Divine Source said. “It… was beaten into the starry sky??”

President Lin suddenly turned around. What?

Was there really a fist that could blast an opponent into the starry sky?

This was a divine-level battle?

He looked at the muscular Ancient God Golden Bull and sensed the power of its physique. With such a physique, it would probably be unscathed even if forbidden arms bombarded it.

“Holy shit, awesome.” The Prediction Owl’s gaze also lingered on the sky and Ancient God Golden Bull, and it subconsciously took a bite of the Reincarnation Fruit.

“Haha, my Golden Mountain Divine Body is in perfect condition!” Ancient God Golden Bull looked at the starry sky and said excitedly!!

In the surroundings, when the six Inatella gods saw this, they sighed with emotion that Ancient God Golden Bull’s divine body was still so strong.

Now that Ancient God Golden Bull had recovered his divine power, he finally didn’t have to be as aggrieved as in the World Tournament.

“This attack is strong, but the damage won’t be high. I held back! Speaking of which, have you completed the evolution of the cosmic life form? Can it return on its own? If not, I’ll go seize it,” Ancient God Golden Bull said. However, before it could finish speaking, a light flashed in the starry sky.

“Wu wu wu.” As a voice sounded, Ancient God Golden Bull revealed an incredulous expression. He suddenly turned around and looked behind him.

“What a joke.” The Boar God, the Eternal Tree, the Holy Divine Deer, and the other gods looked at Eleven, who was clearly propelled into the starry heavens by Ancient God Golden Bull’s attack and returned in the blink of an eye. Moreover, there were almost no wounds on its body. They couldn’t understand.

“Wuu!!” Eleven shook off the dust on its body. Although the Golden Mountain Divine Body was strong, it was indeed impossible to injure it!

Buzz!

Black and white lightning sparks shot out of Eleven’s body, and electric arcs flowed out of its eyes. With a step forward, its figure instantly disappeared and it arrived in front of Ancient God Golden Bull.

“Bang!”

Everyone only heard a bang and saw Ancient God Golden Bull’s figure suddenly bend like a shrimp. Eleven’s lightning fist directly and gently strike Ancient God Golden Bull’s abdomen. Ancient God Golden Bull’s stomach quickly caved in, and his eyes were about to pop out, as if he had suffered a huge impact. However, his body wasn’t propelled but directly leaned forward.