Chapter 1431 - 1431 The Owl'S Past Life (1)

1431 The Owl’s Past Life (1)

Dong Huang.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As Shi Yu broadcasted to the global divine levels, they immediately knew of Shi Yu’s return.o

“Sigh, what does this kid mean?”

In the Ancient God Nursing Home in the capital, Ancient God Golden Bull was wearing a black suit and had an evil expression. He sat on the sofa and muttered.

“Could it be that he broke through to the divine level?”

“Oh no, I’ve finally recovered to the divine level and still want to fight him one day with the level advantage. If he also breaks through to the divine level, it’s a little dangerous! No, very dangerous!”

“Old Bull, hurry up. Let’s go to the Dong Huang Association. Shi Yu will probably return to Dong Huang later,” the Tiger God, Lie Shanjun, said as he walked out of a room.

“Let’s go, let’s go.” Ancient God Golden Bull stood up and took a look!

Inatella, Shi Yu also left. As he couldn’t find that worm in the short term, Shi Yu informed the World Tree and returned to Dong Huang first.

Shi Yu first arrived at the headquarters of the Dong Huang Association. The former president Divine Source and President Lin Xiao were both here. After returning, he naturally had to report.

“Everyone’s here.” However, Shi Yu didn’t expect that there were really many people here. After he teleported over, he realized that not only were President Divine Source and President Lin Xiao present, but the Seven Gods of Inatella and even the Prediction Owl were also present!

It was fine if President Lin Xiao mixed in among the eight divine levels, but why was the owl, who wasn’t even a demigod, also here? Was it a dog-headed military advisor?

“Shi Yu!” President Divine Source saw Shi Yu and the gem cat and said, “Did Senior Space Emperor and Lin Feng let you come back?”

“Yes. They asked me to give it a try first. If I can’t solve it, they’ll think of a way.” When Shi Yu finished speaking, Divine Source and the other gods looked at each other. Since the Space Emperor and the others had said so…

“But what’s with the method you just mentioned?” President Lin said.

“It’s a perception skill, one of the ways to find that monster. However, there’s only one way that’s not safe. I might have to ask Teacher Owl to predict it.” Shi Yu looked at the owl.

He had temporarily prepared five ways to find that monster and planned to use them together. He didn’t believe that he couldn’t find the other party.

“Me??” The Prediction Owl had a bitter expression and said, “Sigh, I really predicted it. Otherwise, why do you think I’m here? However, I can’t do it. I can’t predict it.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “After all, it’s a premonition above your level. It’s normal that you can’t predict it. I brought back a modified Reincarnation Fruit that can allow your strength to temporarily reach the divine level for an instant.”

“Moreover, didn’t I bring Ling and Teacher Ying back? If they assist you together, the success rate will definitely increase greatly.”

“Hmph.” The gem cat girl nodded. She just had to make a wish!

“Wu…” The Prediction Owl sighed. Prediction above its level… It had already expected that it would be like how it predicted Yun An at that time, losing half its life.

“Shi Yu, did you break through to the divine level?” At this moment, Ancient God Golden Bull asked.

“Huh?” Shi Yu said, “No.”

Ancient God Golden Bull was stunned. “No?? You want to rely on the demigod level to find that monster? It already has the strength of an intermediate god!”

“If you say that you can defeat it above your level after breaking through to the divine level, I’ll believe you. You still want to skip two levels?”

“I know, but I can’t break through yet,” Shi Yu said helplessly. “Firstly, I just reached Level 9 not long ago. I’m still a distance away from the divine level. Secondly, if I break through to the divine level, I won’t be able to participate in the God Sealing Battle of the World King Star.”

“This competition is especially important. It determines whether Blue Planet can quickly become a super divine planet.”

“Demigod… It should be enough!”

“Why, Senior Bull God, you don’t trust my strength?” Shi Yu smiled kindly and said, “I didn’t work for nothing on World King Planet these few months. Why don’t you spar with Eleven again?”

“That’s not what I mean!” Ancient God Golden Bull said in all seriousness, “But you can spar if you want.”

Everyone was speechless. Why were they going to spar as soon as they met? The Bull God really didn’t give up.

“Eleven!”

“Wuu!!!”

Under Shi Yu’s summoning, Eleven opened its starry eyes and appeared in the outside world. It looked around and then at Ancient God Golden Bull.

“Hehe, come and let me test your progress.” Ancient God Golden Bull took a step forward and pushed Eleven out with one hand.

Ancient God Golden Bull didn’t believe it. It had already recovered to its peak restoration, but it still didn’t believe that it would be defeated by a demigod.

Seeing this, everyone followed, also wanting to see Shi Yu’s so-called enhancement during this period.

However, when they arrived at the Duel Arena below the association, President Lin suddenly recalled something and said with a bitter expression, “Wait, wait, this place can’t withstand your battle!”

Although they had already upgraded again and again, enduring a demigod-level battle was already the limit.

“Don’t worry,” Ancient God Golden Bull said. “My control over divine strength has already reached the microscopic level, and my power won’t leak out at all. If you don’t believe me, you can ask them.”

“However, this little guy’s battle fluctuations are indeed not small.” The Bull God looked at Eleven and fell into deep thought.

In its opinion, Eleven was a huge baby with power!

The previous time they fought, Inatella almost sank… It was too much.

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven also expressed that it was fine!

Its quasi-divine skill proficiency had been included to the expert level by Shi Yu. It was no longer a issue to control. It was no longer at the stage where it had just acquired a quasi-divine skill.