Chapter 1437 - 1437 Half A Year Later (4)

1437 Half a Year Later (4)

This guy appeared at the right time for the God Sealing Battle?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Probably,” the owl said.

“Didn’t they say that that guy appeared every few days in nearly half a month? Why is it taking so long this time?” the gem cat said.

“Fighting and eating in succession also requires time to rest and digest. Perhaps it has already started to recuperate. When it appears again, it might be stronger than the last time,” the owl said.

Shi Yu said, “In half a year…”

His expression kept changing, and he finally sighed.

“Then let’s wait for it.”

In any case, he had brought enough resources from the World King Planet. Blue Planet had already revived, so it was the same to add points here to prepare for the God Sealing Battle.

If he couldn’t make it in time for this God Sealing Battle, he would participate in the next one. In any case, the interval between each batch wasn’t long.

Of course, during this period, Shi Yu wouldn’t wait for death. He would also use other methods to find the monster worm.

“Wu, I’m so tired. I’ll leave the rest to you,” the owl said tiredly. “Shi Yu, be careful. The other party’s strength isn’t weak.”

“Don’t worry!” Shi Yu said. “Blue Planet is our home ground, Susu’s home ground.”

After returning to Blue Planet, apart from the power of the starry sky, Susu could also mobilize the power of the sea. It was definitely invincible.

“Teacher Owl, I’ll look for you if there’s a problem.”

“Alright, I’m going to digest the power of my previous life,” the owl said. “The next time we meet, I won’t be like this.”

“You can look forward to it!”

Shi Yu and the gem cat were stunned. From the looks of it, this guy wanted to optimize its race and return to the posture of the Astrologer Race. The Astrologer Race… seemed to also be in human form.

The gem cat snorted. How could the owl be prettier than it?

“Teacher Ying, what do you plan to do next?” Shi Yu turned to look at the gem cat.

“I’ll hatch that demon cub and take care of the Chamber of Commerce on Blue Planet,” the gem feline said lazily.

“Remember not to run around. We’re in a dangerous moment now,” Shi Yu said.

The gem cat: “Of course I know.”

After the three parties confirmed it, Shi Yu got Buggy to send them back, while he was still standing in the starry sky.

“Shi Yu…”

Qi flashed around Shi Yu and said with a dejected expression, “I didn’t locate it.”

Qi originally felt that it wasn’t difficult to find a hidden worm, but the other party hid deeper than it imagined.

As expected of a worm that had swallowed the flesh of a cosmic behemoth.

Qi knew that… the damage the Abyss Race and the Worm Race caused to Blue Planet back then wasn’t even a tenth of the damage caused by the cosmic behemoth.

After all, the first two races only targeted life forms on Blue Planet at the start, but the cosmic behemoth directly targeted Blue Planet itself.

“It’s alright,” Shi Yu encouraged. “After all, your strength hasn’t recovered yet. After you become stronger, look for it again. I’ll teach you the Star Refinement skill now. Let’s find a suitable place to release the spatial stars we carry. During this period of time, you have to hurry up and refine them.”

“After refining them into arms, your strength will definitely increase. When the time comes, you might be able to locate it.”

“Huh??” Qi was very surprised, her cherry eyes shining.

She could finally learn how to refine stars into arms!

Great!

This was the first step for her Time Sprite to become stronger!

…

The volume of the spatial star was about ten moons. Shi Yu and the others brought Qi far away from Blue Planet before finding a suitable place to release the white star.

After releasing it, it couldn’t be taken back. The star stone used by the cosmic overlord army to store stars was a one-time use item. Therefore, Qi could only take it away after refining this into arms.

“Star Refinement, increase points.”

Qi stood on the back of Shi Yu’s hand, her heart surging. This was the second skill she could learn after the Mythical Revival.

A moment later, gentle starlight wrapped around Qi. Under the lingering light of the additional points, she immediately felt some changes in her body.

“Wu…” Qi Qiang endured the pain. A moment later, Qi learned the Star Refinement skill.

She sensed the spatial star very happily, but in the following moment, she wilted again.

“Refining… will take about 100 years,” she said in despair.

“??” Shi Yu.

“Hundred years??”

“Continue to increase points.”

In order to increase the efficiency of the Star Refinement, he had to at least maximize the Star Refinement points and upgrade it to (expert+11).

Shi Yu had also thought about the process of adding points to Qi. For the following period of time, he would work hard to add points and sleep.

Be it preparing for the God Sealing Battle or hunting monster bugs, he needed greater strength to support them.

After a long time, Qi finally completed the 15 additional points of the Star Refinement and began to touch the spatial star again.

“How long will it take to refine it into arms?” Shi Yu asked.

After Qi sensed it, she still had a long face and said, “Why do I feel that it still needs a few years?”

This was even if it was very compatible with the spatial star as a Time Sprite.

“Ji!!” At the side, Buggy sighed. Fortunately, it chose to refine its dragon star and succeeded in a few days.

After all, the dragon star was created by Buggy itself. The compatibility was 1,000%. Even if it wasn’t refined, it could be directly controlled.

“Isn’t there any way to accelerate?” Shi Yu was worried. It’ll be too long to await a few more years.

“Wait, the time spent refining the star is too long. This must be related to the high level of the star. Buggy, in a few days, bring Baby Ginseng and draw some of the energy resources of this planet together to make it ‘weak’. Perhaps the refining time can be shortened.”