Chapter 1430 - 1430 Blue Planet'S Number One Person (5)

1430 Blue Planet’s Number One Person (5)

Lin Feng said bitterly, “Stop talking, or I’ll start crying.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the thought of Shi Yu’s comfortable life after coming to the World King Planet for the past few months and how this vice president had even cracked an era ruin, he felt that he had suffered too much at that time.

“That’s true.” The Dragon God nodded. Although she felt that it was a little difficult for Shi Yu to face an intermediate god after coming to World King Planet to cultivate for a few months, she was relieved when she thought of the miracle Shi Yu had created previously.

…

Blue Planet, Inatella.

After a few months, Shi Yu and Teacher Ying returned.

“I didn’t expect to return after leaving for so long.”

“The current Blue Planet… is much more comfortable than before.” Shi Yu sensed Blue Planet’s current situation and smiled.

“Yes.” The gem cat looked around in its cat form. Although it was much inferior to the Blue Wave World, it was already much better than the previous Blue Planet.

“Teacher Ying, have you thought of how to deal with that Demon Divine Stone? Why don’t you give it to Senior Lu and the others?” Shi Yu said.

“I won’t send you off anymore!” The gem cat muttered. “I’ll raise it myself. On World King Planet, I want to do something big. I can’t always rely on clones… I have to have other underlings.”

“Moreover, this little demon is too pitiful. First, it was despised by you, then by the Demon God Race. It can be said to be a divine-level orphan. I feel that it’s definitely a protagonist. Its future is immeasurable.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “Alright… Then you can do it. Don’t cripple it.”

“What do you mean, what do you mean!”

As the two parties conversed, a green tree worm crawled over from somewhere. When it saw Shi Yu and the gem cat, it was extremely surprised.

“Shi Yu???”

“Why are you guys back??”

The World Tree clone frowned and realized that things weren’t simple.

The Space Emperor’s disciple, Zi Lan, left and ran to the World King Planet to find a way to solve the hidden danger of Blue Planet. In the end, Shi Yu and that cat returned?

“Didn’t something happen to Blue Planet? I came back to settle it.” Shi Yu stretched out his hand and greeted the World Tree clone. “Yo, long time no see.”

“Long time no see,” the gem cat also uttered lazily. After seeing the world, it sensed different when it came back to its poor hometown. It looked at Blue Planet’s World Tree as if it was looking at the village chief.

The World Tree clone: “…”

“Wait?!” The World Tree clone was slightly shocked. Something was wrong, right? The hidden danger was an intermediate god, and it wasn’t a weak intermediate god. Shi Yu would solve it?

Shi Yu’s previous strongest legendary status, the strongest identity below the divine level, was no longer useful on the current version of Blue Planet.

“Don’t underestimate me,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes, don’t underestimate this kid. Eleven can defeat a junior god on World King Planet alone without the enhancement of a Beast Tamer,” the cat said. “Now that their entire team is back and they have the support equipment of the Space Emperor and the others, an intermediate god can’t cause any trouble.”

“Uh.” The World Tree clone was bitter. Beginner gods were different from intermediate gods!

However, since the Space Emperor and the others had sent Shi Yu back, Shi Yu should have a way.

“The greatest issue now is how to find it,” the World Tree clone said. “After finding it, I’ll attack with you. We have to destroy this guy.”

Although there might be a risk of falling to the world level if he used the power of the world now, the internal hidden danger still had to be eliminated.

“I already have a way.”

“What way?” the World Tree clone said.

Shi Yu said, “Baiting law enforcement.”

World Tree: ???

“With that Baby Ginseng??” The World Tree said, “That guy is cunning. Your Baby Ginseng is only at the demigod level. Even if it’s very nourishing, it’s definitely more nourishing at the divine level with divine power. It might not fall for it.”

“No, I mean baiting all the divine-levels on Blue Planet at the moment.”

“Moreover, this is only one of the methods. I’ll find the other methods. Lord World Tree, can you help me connect to the divine level of the entire Blue Planet?” Shi Yu said.

Although the World Tree was confused, it still nodded and helped Shi Yu connect to the native gods of Blue Planet.

In the next moment, the divine-level Beast Tamers of the seven countries, such as Dong Huang Divine Source, the Seven Islands Valkyrie, the Elven Empress in Tingxiang, the revived gods, such as Ancient God Golden Bull, who was a guest in Dong Huang, and the new gods on Blue Planet, all received the notice of the World Tree.

During this period of time, because of the devour assassin hidden in the darkness, everyone at the Blue Planet divine level felt threatened. The mentality of an old god like Ancient God Golden Bull was relatively stable, but some new gods of the totem empire were too panicked.

They had just advanced to the divine level, but their lives were in danger. Now, they really hoped that Lord World Tree could quickly find a way to deal with this worm in the darkness.

“Hello, everyone.” However, to the surprise of these gods, the voice of the World Tree didn’t come from the telepathy that connected the world’s divine levels.

It was another familiar and unfamiliar voice.

The new divine-level Beast Tamers of the seven countries were immediately stunned when they heard this voice.

“Shi Yu?” The Divine Source Legendary in Dong Huang was very shocked. Wasn’t this Shi Yu’s voice?

Shi Yu was back?

“Everyone, I’m Shi Yu. I was entrusted by the World Tree to address the invaders of Blue Planet. I’ve temporarily came back from World King Planet.”

“Please remember what I’m saying now in your hearts. If anyone accidentally encounters that monster next, please mention my name to it and say that I’ll penalize it.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, many divine-levels were shocked. What??

Before the Mythical Revival, the number one person on Blue Planet, Shi Yu, had returned?

The goal of returning was to destroy this intermediate god?

Many divine-levels sensed that it was ridiculous.

“No way.” The Ancient God Golden Bull didn’t believe it.

However, through telepathy, Shi Yu’s attitude wasn’t to be doubted.

Although this method was simple, it was practical.

As long as the other party was hostile to him, Shorty could consume faith power perception and lock onto the other party through the Retribution White Tiger skill.

At that time, those who chanted his name would be protected!