Chapter 1433 - 1433 The Owl'S Past Life (3)

1433 The Owl’s Past Life (3)

Buzz!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven took a step back. Electric arcs came out of Ancient God Golden Bull’s body. He couldn’t control the passiveness of his paralyzed body and took a few steps forward. He hugged his stomach and said with a distorted expression, “No, impossible!!”

“Hehe,” Shi Yu said. “Bull God, you’ll believe me now, right?”

“Eleven didn’t use its full strength either. This attack shouldn’t have injured it…”

Before Shi Yu could finish speaking, Ancient God Golden Bull fell to the ground with a bang and fainted.

Shi Yu and Eleven: ???

“Huh?” Shi Yu was stunned. How could he fall like this? Although Eleven had used the Divine Demon Thought, Ancient God Golden Bull’s defense was definitely stronger than ice cream. He was unable to be so brittle, right?

At this moment, the other six Inatella Gods were also quite shocked. They didn’t expect that the Iron-eating Beast in the World Tournament was already so strong. It was unable to rely on Beast Tamers to suppress the true god level at the demigod level.

What a joke. They looked at Shi Yu uniformly. Was this guy really the son of fate on Blue Planet? The increase in strength was really incomprehensible.

“Shi Yu! Eleven!”

Divine Source Legendary and President Lin, a new god and a new legendary, compared their strength to Shi Yu and felt suffocated.

Shi Yu wasn’t lying. He was really ridiculously strong now.

“Don’t worry about Old Bull,” Lie Shanjun said. “It might not have fainted from its injuries. It fainted from embarrassment.”

“Ah!!! Smelly!!!” In addition, Ancient God Golden Bull wasn’t the only one who fainted. Prediction Owl was watching the battle as an onlooker when it suddenly smelled the Reincarnation Fruits it had eaten. The stench rose and Prediction Owl was about to faint.

Its feathers had turned green, and its gaze was hazy as it shouted, “Stupid cat, what did you feed me!!”

“Reincarnation Divine Fruit!!” the gem cat said. “This is the taste after this thing upgraded. Don’t worry, it’s not poisonous!”

The Prediction Owl directly fainted and entered a dream.

“What’s going on?” President Lin was numb. Before Shi Yu returned, the Dong Huang Association had never been so noisy.

“It’s alright, it’s a good thing.” The gem cat turned into a fun cat, but soon, its expression stiffened.

Because the sleeping owl suddenly got up like it was sleepwalking. Some memories flowed through its mind and it muttered, “I… the Astrologer Race…”

Gem Cat: “?”

Damn!

What was the Astrologer Race?

What was this owl saying?

The gem cat suddenly had a bad feeling.

The surrounding people and gods were also confused. In the next moment, with a boom, nomological ripples appeared on the Prediction Owl’s body, and its aura suddenly increased. When it opened its eyes, the time hexagram on its chest flickered, and its demigod aura was undoubtedly revealed.

This scene directly made everyone present reveal shocked expressions. The toes of the fallen Ancient God Golden Bull also twitched, feeling rather surprised.

“There really is?” Shi Yu muttered. He was also very surprised. Damn, so the owl really had a previous life.

Previously, eating the Reincarnation Fruit was ineffective because the level of the previous Reincarnation Fruit was too low.

It looked like it worked this time…

Initially, he only wanted to use it as a Time Fruit for Teacher Owl. From the looks of it, it was an unexpected surprise that directly sent it to the demigod level.

This guy’s breakthrough speed was only inferior to Shi Yu, the gem cat, and the others in Dong Huang’s batch of nearly a hundred years.

“Hahahaha.” After the owl broke through, it opened its eyes and laughed.

However, as it laughed, it started to sob.

“I remember everything.”

“I… am a super genius girl of the Astrologer Race. In nearly ten thousand years, I’m the youngest peak divine level expert of the Astrologer Race!! Since I was born, the success rate of the prophecy was 100%. I’ve never made a mistake!”

“Wu wu wu.”

“Old witch, why are you crying!!” The gem cat was confused. It was the one who wanted to cry. Why was it only a demigod in its previous life? The owl was a top-notch god.

Moreover, the identity introduction this old witch mentioned was ridiculous. A super prophecy master at the peak of the divine level?

It wasn’t convinced.

It had only picked up the treasure of the Star Prayer Race in its previous life, but this owl was directly an astrologer in its previous life?

Although the gem cat didn’t know what the Astrologer Race was, it could sense that it should also be a big race in the starry sky.

“Wu wu wu.” The Prediction Owl cried very sadly. It said, “In my previous life, I reached the peak of the divine level very early. Then, I began to go out to train. Through the premonition method, I foretold the opportunity for myself to break through to the super divine level.”

“During my travels in the universe, I successfully foretold that there were era ruins on Blue Planet! In era ruins, there were more than one sources of transcendence. Therefore, I went to Blue Planet excitedly. In the end, because I was too excited, I didn’t predict the disaster of the universe during the process and directly failed, becoming on the verge of death…”

“Then, in order to protect my life, I was forced to reincarnate. I didn’t expect to be reborn to Blue Planet…”

“Moreover, after reincarnation, I was so miserable. My prophecy power was greatly reduced… Most importantly, I actually became a cat.”

The gem cat said, “Please face your identity. You’re a bird, I’m a cat.”

Inatella and the other gods were stunned.

Listening to the owl’s self-report, they felt that it was ridiculous.

This unreliable owl in Dong Huang was at the peak of the divine level in its previous life? It was a big boss of the same level as the Ancestral Dragon and the Origin Phoenix??

What a joke.

President Divine Source and President Lin also felt that it was extremely ridiculous. What did Teacher Ying feed Teacher Owl just now? It was really some Reincarnation Fruit and not some hallucinatory poison?

“Astrology Race.” At the scene, Shi Yu might be the only one who trusted Teacher Owl the most.

He believed in the effect of Baby Ginseng’s Reincarnation Fruit. In addition, Teacher Owl’s prophecy was indeed very impressive. At the overlord level, it could predict demigod-level things, and it was several times in a row…

This situation was already extremely abnormal. Only special talent could explain it.

Just like the Star Prayer Race, if the talent of the Star Prayer Race was to make a wish, then the talent of the Astrologer Race was to predict.

Of course, there were many races that could predict the future, but there were really not many whose premonition abilities were stronger than the Astrologer Race. Shi Yu had seen the introduction of this race on World King Planet.

It could be said that even if Ling learned Future Prediction and had the strengthening of the Wind of Blessing, it might not necessarily be more accurate than the Astrologer Race’s Prediction at the same level. This was a matter of racial talent and skill compatibility.

It was equivalent to saying that a dog and a fish could swim, but no matter how superb a dog’s swimming skills were, it was very difficult to surpass a fish.

“Teacher Owl, congratulations!!” Shi Yu said.

In short, it was a good thing. When he brought Teacher Owl back to the World King Planet later, wouldn’t he directly get intimate with the Astrologer Race? It was a super genius of the Astrologer Race and a candidate for the next patriarch.

“So I’m so strong.” Teacher Owl wiped its tears. “Hahaha, moreover, it’s not too late to reach the super divine level. As long as I recover the power of my previous life, I’ll…”

“Although I congratulate you on recovering your strength and I’ll help you, I still have something sad to tell you,” Shi Yu said.

“Hm?”

Divine Source Legendary and President Lin were also stunned and thought of something.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “The era ruins you foretold in your previous life with the source of transcendence should have been cracked by someone. The source of transcendence has also been used. What a pity.”

Why did he feel that the ruin that Teacher Owl had foretold was the ruin that Emperor Shi had entered?

Why don’t Teacher Owl fight Senior Emperor Shi?

“???” The Prediction Owl was stunned. It widened its eyes and directly had a heart attack. Its body fell backward and fell to the ground in a daze…