Chapter 1438 - 1438 Half A Year Later (5)

1438 Half a Year Later (5)

“It’s like subduing a magical treasure. You definitely have to hit until there’s barely any health left.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“But this way, the weapon you obtained might be weak at the start…”

“Ji!”

Qi: Ah…

She looked at this beautiful white star aggrievedly. It was going to be wasted by Buggy and Baby Ginseng before it could be refined into arms? However, this seemed to be the only way. A few years was too long, and it couldn’t wait.

…

Next, Shi Yu prepared for battle in all aspects.

Without lacking additional resources and the Cultivation Fruit, Shi Yu’s efficiency in adding points and cultivation increased.

On Dong Huang’s side, after obtaining the resources provided by Shi Yu, Senior Lu, Tyrannical Sea Legend, President Lin, and the others’ cultivation speed also increased.

Among them, Senior Panda’s treatment was the best. Eleven specially sent his eight trigram clone over to be Senior Panda and the mentor of the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

It wasn’t easy for him to return to Blue Planet. Eleven decided to strengthen the panda army here first. At least, it had to nurture a batch of overlords.

At that time, he could bring these guys to the ranking battle of all races.

Just like that, a month later.

Just as the owl had predicted, the monster worm didn’t appear at all for the past month.

Ling successfully built the Eye of the Universe, but unfortunately, the Eye of the Universe couldn’t find the hiding place of the monster worm, Meld.

However, Ling was certain that if that worm left the hidden place and fought other gods, it would definitely be able to sense it immediately.

At this moment, Qi was refining the stars.

In the second month, Ling successfully modified itself and finally accomplished the teaching conditions of Future Prediction. Shi Yu successfully taught it the Future Prediction skill.

Moreover, he added points to the perfect stage of the quasi-divine skill.

At this moment, after two months of development and cultivation, Shi Yu’s time strengthening talent had also reached Level 8.

Shi Yu called the gem cat over and let Ling predict the location of the monster worm.

However, what was extremely displeased was that Ling couldn’t predict it at all, just like the owl. Moreover, Ling couldn’t even successfully predict the “half a year” that the owl predicted.

This made Shi Yu understand that even with the same proficiency, the postnatural instruction premonition cast by Ling was still a little lesser to the racial intrinsic ability branded in the depths of the soul by the astrologers.

At this moment, Qi was still refining the star.

In the third and fourth months, Shi Yu’s additional points and cultivation were still carried out in an orderly manner.

During this period, Shi Yu was still very annoyed. He didn’t find the worm, but his Fusion Talent had been successfully cultivated to Level 9.

As for Qi, she was still refining the stars.

In the fifth month, Shi Yu’s Time Strengthening Talent was finally developed to Level 9. He assisted Ling and foretold it again. At least he had gained something.

It was confirmed that the prophecy of the owl was basically right.

According to the owl’s premonition, Ling also confirmed the time node where the worm might appear.

During this period, Shi Yu’s quests basically came to an end.

All the quasi-divine skills of the 13 pets had been added to the perfect state (expert+11). If they were one step closer, they could become gods.

At this point, Shi Yu’s preparation for the God Sealing Battle was considered to have been completed. Shi Yu began to turn around and invest the energy of adding points and developing talent in meditation to increase the level of the Beast Taming Space.

After participating in the God Sealing Battle, he wanted to break through to the divine level immediately.

At that time, he could also be considered an expert on the World King Planet, which basically didn’t appear in the super divine level. It would be easier for him to do anything.

As expected, Qi was still refining the star.

Until… six months after Shi Yu returned to Blue Planet, half a year later!

“Wu wu wu.” An aggrieved voice sounded. Shi Yu also opened his eyes helplessly and gazed at the little elf in front of him.

It was a little girl with light pink hair and cherry-colored eyes. She had beautiful looks, but she was only the size of a palm. She leaned a pink and white mini umbrella on her shoulder and said, “Shi Yu, I finally… finally…”

“I finally succeeded in the refinement!”

“It wasn’t easy…” Shi Yu also cried to death. Although they had tortured the white star to its weakest state, Qi still refined it for half a year before successfully refining the white star.

The pink and white umbrella in front of him was what it looked like after the transformation of the star Qi had refined.

She didn’t choose the arms that she had practiced the most when she was young. Instead, she chose the Umbrella of Time Shi Yu had given her as a prototype to build the arms.

“I’ve already tried my best. It’s not too late now!” Qi spun in midair with the umbrella. Her pink short skirt and the ribbon on her body also fluttered, and her cherry-like beautiful eyes revealed a divine color that had never been seen before.

As a Time Sprite that couldn’t have battle power, Qi was very happy to have such powerful arms that could be seen as a skill.

Moreover, this arms was definitely not weak.

After all, its predecessor was an intermediate-level star. Just its volume was equivalent to ten moons, and there was a deep space.

Even if he didn’t care about anything and directly pulled the umbrella on the enemy, he could smash a bunch of totem demigods.

To Shi Yu, every pet’s improvement speed was undoubtedly very fast. Even the gem cat teacher gazed at the short cat that was born and felt that its strength probably surpassed that of her, a teacher.

“Not late!” Shi Yu said.

“I’m going to fly around the world to take a look now~ At the same time, I want to go back to Tingxiang and see Grandma Ge Lin,” Qi said.