Chapter 1434 - 1434 Half A Year Later (1)

1434 Half a Year Later (1)

Shi Yu was still impressed. The owl was very strong. It could actually predict where the source of transcendence was.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this level, no matter which cosmic-level faction it joined, it would definitely become an expert.

However, it was indeed too unlucky. When it came to find the source of transcendence, it actually died on the way. Moreover, after waking up from its reincarnation, the source of transcendence was already in this process and was taken away by others…

It was a huge injustice. Its unlucky level was comparable to the Kirin Race.

Shi Yu and the gem cat looked at each other. Shi Yu said, “Teacher owl might be too tired. Let it rest first.”

“Shi Yu, what exactly is that Reincarnation Fruit you gave it just now?” The chef, the Boar God, couldn’t help but ask.

It looked so impressive and awesome.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “A asset condensed from a time-element divine skill.”

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu explained the impact of the Resurrection Berry to everyone. After hearing it, many gods found it unbelievable.

“How about this? I’ll give everyone one.” Shi Yu took out nine Reincarnation Fruits and gave them to the Seven Gods of Inatella, Divine Source, and President Lin Xiao.

In the Four Holy Ruins, they used the power of faith to create a large number of Cultivation Fruits, Reincarnation Fruits, and other fruits. It could be said that they had completely escaped poverty.

“For us?” Lord Lie Shan and the other gods smiled and chased him away. “Alright, good kid, I didn’t misjudge you!! In the World Tournament, I could tell that you were a dragon among men!”

The gods were moved. They felt that this thing was even more precious than the divine-level resources they had passed down to Shi Yu. Shi Yu had actually given it to them.

“President Lin, I’ll prepare another 50 Cultivation Fruits for Dong Huang later. This fruit can increase the cultivation efficiency of the user and has the highest compatibility with human Beast Tamers. If we use these 50 fruits reasonably, Dong Huang should be able to have a few more powerful legends,” Shi Yu added.

Since he had returned, Shi Yu also planned to help Dong Huang again.

“Cultivation Fruit?” Divine Source Legendary’s eyes lit up. “What good thing is this?”

“The effect on Level 10 isn’t that obvious. The lower the user’s level, the better the effect. Of course, you can eat one if you want to experience it.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“Probably. It allows the user to automatically meditate and develop Beast Taming abilities when sleeping. Moreover, the efficiency is quite high. Now, the Beast Tamers on Blue Planet have all started to cultivate their second and third Beast Taming Talents again. With the support of this Cultivation Fruit, it can double the impact and half the effort.”

“I understand. It’s indeed a good thing,” President Lin Xiao said. “I’ll choose a suitable nominee and distribute the Cultivation Fruit.”

“Alright,” Shi Yu said with a smile. Beside him, the gem cat had a strange expression. Shi Yu was going to drug Dong Huang collectively. Hahaha.

It wondered if Shi Yu would let Qingyi and the others eat this thing. The gem cat had already started to look forward to them fainting from the stench!

The painful expressions of the second-generation heirs in the Blue Wave World were still vivid in her mind.

“Well, seniors, time is tight. I’ll bring Teacher Owl to prepare first. I also have to prepare the other battle plans, so I won’t stay long,” Shi Yu said.

“If there’s anything, we’ll contact you.”

“No problem.” Everyone nodded. They would listen to Shi Yu’s arrangements.

…

The owl, whose heart ached so much that it fainted, was pulled away by Shi Yu and the gem cat.

After leaving, Ling was summoned by Shi Yu and turned into a cosmic battleship that flew into the starry sky.

It wanted to build a technological product in the universe, the Eye of the Universe, to monitor the changes in Blue Planet’s space.

The Eye of the Universe was an indispensable facility for the battle between two planets in the Space War. If a certain group took a fancy to a planet, they would often create the Eye of the Universe in the outside world first and occupy the right to information to prevent the enemy from escaping the planet and seeking help from the outside world.

This was also one of the ways Shi Yu found that monster. The Space Emperor and the others had already prepared the blueprint and materials. However, everyone wasn’t sure if the Eye of the Universe created by Ling could capture the other party, but it was never wrong to be more prepared.

Apart from that, the Time Sprite Qi was also summoned and entered Blue Planet space and time.

Its hiding ability was also top-notch, and its ability to find people wasn’t bad.

“Shi Yu, you’re back?”

“I heard you’re back to deal with that intermediate god, right?”

Shi Yu had just arranged the mission for Qi and Ling when Senior Lu suddenly called.

“Yeah, Senior Lu, you’re pretty well-informed.” Shi Yu smiled.

“It’s alright. No matter what, I’m one of the few Legendary Beast Tamers in Dong Huang now.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

“What?” Shi Yu was stunned. “You’ve reached the legendary level? When did this happen?”

He looked at the gem cat girl who was flying in the air, dragging the falcon and giving it a wake-up slap.

“So fast?” The gem cat was also very surprised. What? When she left, Lu Qingyi had just broken through to Level 8.

“Teacher Ying is also here… Not long after, it’s mainly because the information about the ruins you left behind is very valuable. I gained a lot from it. In addition, when the Mythical Revival happened, the World Tree gave the world the Blessing of Life, so it happened,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Is this how it’s used…” Shi Yu was helpless. “I previously said that I would wait until you reached the legendary level to find the Teleportation Key Stones for you. I didn’t expect it to be so fast…”

“Wait for me for more than half a year. At that time, no matter who it is on Blue Planet, they can freely head to World King Planet!” Shi Yu said.