Chapter 1436 - 1436 Half A Year Later (3)

1436 Half a Year Later (3)

“There’s still some hope if you run to the World King Planet and plunder all the talents of those human geniuses from super divine families.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Lu Qingyi: “?”

“What era ruins?”

“A small ruin of the Four Holy Beasts, a small ruin…”

…

Shi Yu didn’t expect to receive so much good news on his return to Blue Planet.

First, the owl successfully activated the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit, and then Senior Lu obtained Yue Maiden’s inheritance.

Their abilities were the same as Teacher Ying’s. They were both top-notch skills with support effects.

At a certain moment, it could reverse the situation and increase the benefits hundreds of times.

After chatting with Lu Qingyi about the World King Planet, Shi Yu received a call from the gem cat.

“Shi Yu, the old witch is awake.”

“When do we start predicting?”

Shi Yu glanced at Senior Lu in front of him and said, “Senior, I’ll deal with that monster first. Let’s talk when we’re free.”

“Be careful,” Lu Qingyi said. She didn’t have a deep understanding of intermediate gods. She felt that since Shi Yu could return to deal with it, there was no problem, unlike the World Tree and the others who were conflicted.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

A moment later, he appeared at the top of a tall building and saw the Prediction Owl sitting on the roof.

“Sigh…” The Prediction Owl sighed. It had just made a prediction only to discover that the era ruins and source of transcendence were really f*cking gone.

Reincarnation was a mistake!!

“An owl that has lost its dream.” The cat girl introduced it to Shi Yu.

“It doesn’t matter. It’s just a source of transcendence. Since I can predict it once, I can do it a second time,” the owl muttered.

“Kid, I’ll help you predict it this time, but after settling the matter here, think of a way to bring me to the World King Planet too.”

“No problem,” Shi Yu said. “Then, Teacher Owl, when do we start?”

“Let’s go to the starry sky. It’s better to use the power of the stars to predict the effect,” the Prediction Owl said.

When Shi Yu and the others heard that, there was no problem. They directly headed to the starry sky.

Through telepathy, Shi Yu got Ling in the starry sky to prepare a foothold. Soon, Shi Yu and the others appeared on the deck of the battleship Ling.

“I’m starting??” the Prediction Owl said.

“Let’s begin.” The gem cat and Ling were already familiar with it. The combination of the three parties made the owl sigh at how good this combo was.

Buzz!!

Under the lingering starlight and wind of blessing, the Prediction Owl activated the Time Hexagram and entered the prediction state.

“It’ll be very difficult this time…” it began.

Firstly, it was because the premonition target was stronger than it now, even if it used the power of the Reincarnation Fruit. Secondly, apart from the other party’s existence information, there was no effective information about the other party at all.

“All the best, Teacher Owl,” Shi Yu said.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was already on standby. It appeared on Shi Yu’s shoulder and prepared to be a healer at any time.

Boom!!

Soon, the owl’s state quickly decreased, and its life force and energy began to disappear quickly. Seeing this, Baby Ginseng’s nourishing power immediately followed, allowing the owl to continue its premonition without any distractions.

“This…”

Soon, the Prediction Owl predicted a dark space. It was trying to predict the other party’s location, but apart from the dark space, it couldn’t see anything.

The owl was covered in sweat, and the feathers on its body began to fall off. The hexagram flashed like a weak Ultraman.

Was the old witch alright? At this moment, the gem cat beside him also looked weak. As a wish owl, it could predict success, but the backlash of the wish seemed to be very big this time.

Of course, compared to the main owl, its consumption was still bearable.

A moment later, the owl’s body was filled with a death aura as it sat on the deck.

“I’ll try my best.”

“Turtle, Little Quas, Buggy, Chi Tong.” Shi Yu immediately summoned Little Quas, Turtle, Chi Tong, and the others in the fusion Black Tortoise state.

He could tell that apart from its life force flowing away greatly, its soul had also suffered a backlash, and its condition was extremely poor.

This made Shi Yu involuntarily summon the few pets that could heal people to collaborate with Baby Ginseng.

“Yiya!” Baby Ginseng cheered for everyone. Everyone, work harder!

“Wu…” Sensing the nourishing treatment of the entire team that Shi Yu could only enjoy when he added points, the owl heaved a sigh of relief.

“No, I can’t predict the location of the other party’s next appearance.”

“Ah, this.” Although Shi Yu had already expected it, his heart still turned cold. Wu wu, what happened to the strong alliance?

One of the search plans failed?

“However, don’t underestimate me.” The Prediction Owl tried its best to stand up and say, “Although I didn’t predict its location, I changed the course of my premonition.”

“I predicted when it would appear next.”

“If there aren’t too many changes during this period, the probability of it appearing at that time is the highest!”

“Really?” Shi Yu was delighted. The jewel feline beside him, which was being nursed by Baby Ginseng and the other pets, also revealed a surprised expression. This night bird was good.

“When?” Shi Yu asked.

The Prediction Owl said, “About half a year later, around here.”

“At this time, try to monitor the various locations on Blue Planet with all your might.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu was stunned. “Really? Half a year??”

Wait a minute, the Deity Sealing Conflict was held in seven months. Shi Yu yet wanted to quickly complete his opponent and come back to get ready for battle.