Chapter 1435 - 1435 Half A Year Later (2)

1435 Half a Year Later (2)

First place in the God Sealing Battle, permanent teleportation array… He was determined to win.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“We’ll talk about this later. I have something to tell you in person. Are you free now? Let’s talk about the gains in a certain ruin.”

“Alright, where are you? I’ll look for you,” Shi Yu said. It looked like Senior Lu had obtained some impressive gains and wanted to split them with him.

…

Ancient Capital.

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi arranged to meet here. In a courtyard with lush plants and fragrant flowers, Lu Qingyi, who was wearing a white casual suit, saw Shi Yu and said, “Where’s Teacher Ying?”

“I’m busy,” Shi Yu said. To be precise, he was taking care of the owl. The owl looked like it had fainted from the stench and its mentality had collapsed, but it was more because the power of the astrologers in its previous life was too huge and it had to sleep and digest.

Therefore, the gem cat pulled it to find a place to rest.

“Senior, what’s so urgent that you have to say it in person?” Shi Yu asked.

Both parties found a small table and sat down. Lu Qingyi said, “In the information about the ruins you left behind, there’s a legendary ruin left behind by Yue Maiden. I obtained her inheritance inside.”

“Oh,” Shi Yu said. “Wait??”

Shi Yu didn’t care much about the inheritance of a Legendary Beast Tamer. However, suddenly, he was slightly shocked. “It’s worth your attention. In other words, not only did you obtain some resources, but… you even inherited that person’s talent?”

“Plunder talent??”

Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “That’s right.”

Then, she told Shi Yu about Yue Maiden developing the Plunder skill in her later years and handing down the talent.

After Shi Yu heard it clearly, he directly took a deep breath and said, “Senior Yue Maiden is also a super genius born in the wrong era.”

Shi Yu was really quite cowardly in the early stages of this ability. What if the skill index could also be plundered?

“Is there such a talent in the universe?” Lu Qingyi asked.

“I’ve never heard of it on the World King Planet. Even if there is, it should be the exclusive ability of some special races. Humans don’t have a clear cultivation method,” Shi Yu said. “It’s also possible that it’s too taboo and the records will be erased.”

“This talent… is very good. However, after plundering the opponent’s ability, the other party will die. Senior, don’t expose it easily. Blue Planet is alright, but when we reach the World King Planet, there will definitely be problems. In the universe, many races with rare abilities were captured and extinct,” Shi Yu said. For example, the Time Sprite, or the source of inheritance obtained by Teacher Cat, the Star Prayer Race, had also encountered the danger of extinction many times.

On Blue Planet, there were also examples. The Wind Kirin Race was the first to be targeted because their abilities were very strange.

This Plunder talent would definitely become a thorn in some people’s side or they would want to snatch it and use it.

In addition, the activation condition of the Plunder talent was that the target of the pillaging had to be at the border of life and death and couldn’t resist. Then, after the ability was plundered, it would immediately die. It was much more ferocious than the skill index. With this ability, if Senior Lu made a friend, the friend would probably not be able to sleep in the middle of the night, afraid of being assassinated.

In short, it was very strong.

Of course, as the skill index was updated, Shi Yu was very certain that it was the strongest ability. Evolution talent and Plunder talent had to be pulled aside, unless the Plunder talent could plunder the index…

“I know,” Lu Qingyi said. “After obtaining this ability, I haven’t started using it yet. This should be a path of no return… After starting, I couldn’t stop.”

Shi Yu also picked up the tea and took a small sip. He nodded. Indeed, although there was no good or evil ability, this Plunder talent could easily lead people astray.

“However, why not use it if you have the ability? You can specially choose those convicted felons who have committed vile offenses first. Dong Huang, Dragon Palace City, and the alliance, don’t they all have various ferocious sins? Those who can be specially imprisoned can’t be weak. Senior, you’re suitable to be a executor.”

“I’ve thought of that too.” Lu Qingyi smiled bitterly and said, “After all, I can’t really hunt other Beast Tamers.”

“I’ve also thought about baiting like you…”

Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment. As expected, his heart was also black after being cut open.

“I understand. When I encounter a life-and-death strong enemy in the future, I’ll spare the other party’s life and let you kill it,” Shi Yu said. “In addition, can’t the Plunder talent also create special ability tools? If you don’t need them, you can also create them for me to use.”

The Awakening Mirror and the Body Control Talent Bead were both implements created by Yue Maiden.

This was something that the skill index couldn’t do. The skill index could only target transcendent lives, but the Plunder talent could even target humans.

“You’re pretty open-minded. Unfortunately, I don’t know how to give you the talent. Otherwise, you would definitely be able to use it,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Don’t think too much,” Shi Yu said with a smile. Talent didn’t matter. A skill index was enough for him to use at the moment. Even with the Cultivation Fruit, his current talent couldn’t be developed at all.

“Well, since you say so, I’ll start to use the Plunder talent. With this, do I have a chance to surpass you in strength?” Lu Qingyi smiled.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Senior, don’t even think about it. I just cracked an era ruin on World King Planet and acquired a huge amount of resources. After I break through to the divine level, my strength should be able to quickly surpass the Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, and the others. You can’t catch up.”