Chapter 1440 - 1440 Half A Year Later (7)

1440 Half a Year Later (7)

Lil, Annie, Luo Yi, Hillia, and the other elves who had been recommended by the Elven Empress to try and see if they could contract Shi Yu, as well as some experts from Tingxiang and the contestants of the World Tournament, were basically in the capital. They were all gathered here.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Those under the legendary level, retreat.” The president of the association in Tingxiang, President Auland, who had advanced to the Legendary level, summoned her pet and already planned to help the empress.

However, at this moment, no one expected that during the centipede monster’s attack, a figure would arrive between the centipede monster and the Elven Empress at an extremely fast teleportation speed.

It was a pink-haired little girl holding an umbrella.

“Qi!!!” Grandma Ge Lin was immediately shocked when she saw Qi teleport and disappear, running into the sky.

“Make way!!” In the sky, Qi suddenly appeared. She held the retracted Star Umbrella and swung it at the huge centipede with a confident expression!!

Crack!!

In the next moment, dense spiderweb-like patterns appeared in the sky. Space directly shattered, and the centipede monster’s attack stopped. Right on the heels of that, the centipede monster’s huge body began to shatter into pieces. It was sliced into pieces by spatial cracks.

Boom!!

The huge centipede monster’s entire body directly shattered and floated in the sky!!

Seeing this, everyone below opened their mouths wide and looked at the little girl who suddenly appeared in the sky in confusion. Behind Qi, the Elven Empress also looked shocked and a little stunned.

“Aunt Empress, don’t worry. This guy isn’t that intermediate god.” Qi held the Star Umbrella and floated in the air. With a confident smile, she said, “However, it’s still a little dangerous for you. Leave this guy to me to settle!”

“Leave it to me to settle!”

As soon as Qi finished speaking, the shattered body of the centipede monster began to stick together again. The injuries were healing at a shocking speed.

Many people were astonished by the centipede monster’s restoration, but some people were also shocked by the little girl’s words just now.

Qi!!!

Upon hearing this name, Lil, Annie, Luo Yi, Hillia, and the others were stunned.

Qi??

“You’re Qi.” At this moment, the Elven Empress completely confirmed that the little girl who had split the centipede that had definitely reached the divine level into pieces in one hit was the naturally weak sprite Shi Yu had taken away, Qi.

Under Shi Yu’s cultivation, she was actually so strong??

The Elven Empress felt that Qi’s strength had probably already exceeded her.

She couldn’t help but feel suffocated.

“Yes.” Qi nodded and looked at the monster in front of her solemnly.

The centipede monster in front of her should only be at the level of a primary-level god. It definitely couldn’t be an intermediate-level god.

Qi quickly reached out to Shi Yu through telepathy and realized that she could call him.

“Qi, did you also encounter a big worm?” In the starry sky, Shi Yu and Ling also sensed the changes on Blue Planet through the Eye of the Universe. They said with a serious expression, “Your perception was right.”

“Isn’t this that intermediate god? Now, such bugs have materialized all over the world.”

“Among them, there are Bee Beasts, Ant Beasts, Mosquito Beasts… There are several of them. Fortunately, their strength is only at the primary-level god.”

“It’s just one of them in Tingxiang.”

Was it a clone…

“But you don’t have to worry. We’ll settle it immediately!”

Buzz!!!

In the starry sky, the stars flickered. A green divine dragon circled in the universe. Behind it, several huge dragon stars floated, ready to attack!!

This was the real Dragon Star Group!!

“Roar!!!” Accompanied by Buggy’s huge roar, every terrifying dragon star that had integrated the power of faith of the era fell to Blue Planet at lightning speed!!

At this moment, just like Tingxiang, the Seven Islands, Rongguang, Xue Yuan, Ming Hua, and many other countries were also attacked by strange bugs.

Seven Islands Valkyrie, Rongguang Hero King, Snowfield Battle God, Ming Hua Death God…

These new divine-levels looked at the strange worm in front of them solemnly like the Elven Empress of Tingxiang.

“Oh no.” Their moods were also very heavy.

“Little worm, you actually dare to attack me. Shi Yu won’t let you off!! When Shi Yu comes, he’ll definitely cut you into pieces!” Shen Feng’s Legendary Z was the only one who took Shi Yu’s words to heart.

The targets of these strange bugs were all locked onto the lone divine-level.

As for Dong Huang, perhaps because the divine-level groups in the capital were serious, it wasn’t within the attack range.

“Die.”

At this moment, in order to prevent the situation from expanding, Shi Yu directly got Buggy to spend money and launch the strongest attack!

In various parts of the world, the experts facing the divine-level strange worm raised their heads slightly and saw a light descend from the sky.

It was a dragon-shaped meteorite.

They recognized this move in an instant because Shi Yu’s Green Dragon using this move to kill totems above its level in the World Tournament was really too spectacular.

“Dragon Star Group!” they said.

“Wait, wait, Tingxiang…” Far away in Tingxiang, Qi was like an angry kitten, waving an umbrella.

However, the speed at which the Dragon Star Group descended was very fast. It was already close in less than 1s.

The green-gold light that was like a meteor was like a divine dragon that had descended from the starry sky. It bared its fangs and brandished its claws, coming from the starry sky with an incomparably terrifying pressure!!

The so-called dragon form was just flames produced by its friction with the atmosphere, and its main body was a small planet.

“This!!!” The descent of the asteroid shocked many people. Meteorite impact!! They felt that even if the divine-level worm didn’t cause damage, this huge meteorite could still smash a country!!

However, these people’s worries were completely unnecessary.

Boom!!

The meteorite descended with incomparable might, directly suppressing the centipede monster’s body and suppressing it to the ground from the sky. An earth-shattering air wave rumbled and trembled. As the clouds disturbed, the dragon star crushed the centipede monster. Before it could approach the ground, the centipede monster’s body turned into black charcoal under the burning of the dragon-shaped fire. “Squeak!!!” The centipede monster also let out a miserable cry.

As for the huge meteorite that continued to descend and covered the entire city in darkness, when it approached the ground and tall buildings, scaring a group of people, it actually unbelievably didn’t cause any damage. The entire meteorite directly fell apart into light spots that filled the sky, and it was blown away by the wind with the centipede monster that turned into black ashes.

On the ground, the hearts of a group of people thumped and they swallowed their saliva crazily. This situation happened everywhere. Every insect monster was smashed and burned by the huge dragon star meteorite that descended from the sky, and it didn’t cause any damage to the surroundings.

This meteorite that was like a divine punishment immediately stunned everyone. The divine-level experts who were facing the attack of the worm monsters also looked at the unknown starry sky with twitching eyes.

Shi Yu? Green Dragon?

Was this guy a monster?

A divine-level worm was instantly killed just like that?

Moreover, Shi Yu wasn’t at the scene at all. He had attacked from an unknown distance.

At this moment, in the capital of Tingxiang, everyone, including the Elven Empress, was in shock. They were first astonished by Qi’s appearance and her shocking strength. Then, they were shocked by Shi Yu’s attack. The Elven Empress realized that she had still underestimated Shi Yu. After returning from the World King Planet, Shi Yu’s strength had actually reached such a ridiculous level?

“I, I really am.” At this moment, seeing Buggy’s decisive attack and transcendent strength, Qi wasn’t surprised at all. This was because that worm was indeed not strong. Even she was confident of killing, hunting, and protecting Tingxiang.

It was precisely because of this that Qi, who thought that she could snatch the first clear of the team, immediately had a heart attack when she saw her prey being shot.

Wu wu wu, it was too much.

“Yi!!!” Of course, beside Buggy, Baby Ginseng was shaking its head, extremely denying that the first clear of the divine-level in the team was Buggy’s. No matter how one looked at it, those bugs only looked like the clone of that intermediate god. They couldn’t be considered a complete individual, but they could bully a new weak god.

“Roar!!” Buggy said. Then the first clear of the main body should also be Susu’s. Didn’t it say not to explode it?

Baby Ginseng also had a heart attack. Wu wu wu, it was too much.

“Stop arguing.” Shi Yu gritted his teeth and smiled. “This guy finally appeared.”

“Come on, give it to me. Let me see where’s your main body!!”

…

At the same time, a black shadow dormant in the hole of the universe opened its angry eyes. The clones it created to hunt were actually hunted?? It was too much!!