Chapter 1443 - 1443 The Worst God And Return (3)

1443 The Worst God and Return (3)

Seeing this, Qi simply attacked with the umbrella. The four of them attacked the armored worm from four directions. Sensing the threat, the Space Worm suddenly erupted with stronger divine power fluctuations. Purple abyss divine power flames spread in all directions. The strength of the Space Worm increased by another level under the explosive aura.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Uh ah!!! (This is too much!!)” Under the eruption of the armored worm’s roar, the entire Creation Domain was immediately infected with a layer of black and purple where the aura affected. Little Ji, Duckie, and the others’ attacks were also instantly devoured and blown away by the divine power eruption.

The Creation Domain that had been enhanced by the power of faith began to sway.

Shi Yu and the others had cold expressions.

It was indeed a worm that had swallowed an abyssal life form!

At this moment, the pets who had yet to attack were eager to try.

Among the Space Worm Race, there were three that they didn’t devour. One was a planetary life form, one was a cosmic behemoth, and the other was a life race with powerful pollution power like the Abyss Race.

It was very likely that devouring the Abyss Race wouldn’t help it evolve by devouring their power, but by being anti-polluted. The survival rate of the worms devouring Abyss Races of the same level was less than 10%.

As for the cosmic behemoth race, because their race was too strong and not suitable to devour, the survival rate of monsters one level lower than the cosmic behemoth race was less than 1%.

Was this Space Worm lucky? Not only did it devour and digest the Abyss Race, but it also swallowed the flesh and blood of a higher-level cosmic behemoth and didn’t die. It even successfully mastered one of the other party’s talent skills.

“Go…” Shi Yu waved his hand.

“Roar!!!” At this moment, the first team also began to show its might. With a roar, a “cosmic behemoth” 100,000 meters tall appeared in the Creation Domain. After Panda King Eleven enlarged to its peak, black and white lightning lingered around its body. A palm that was enough to destroy the world lingered with destructive power and slapped the worm on the ground from top to bottom.

Zi. Zi. Zi.

Although the abyssal godly energy couldn’t be obliterated, at least it didn’t corrode Eleven’s body. This palm carried endless power and directly pressed the worm that looked up at the black shadow underground.

Boom.

As the huge pit formed, Buggy felt the Creation Domain tremble with a bang and almost collapsed.

“Roar!!” Buggy was also shocked. Crowd Control!!

Baby Ginseng curled its lips at the side. If it wanted to explode, it would definitely collapse. Unfortunately, Shi Yu didn’t allow it. Moreover, it couldn’t explode. The God Sealing Battle was about to begin. Now that it had wasted the time mark, it didn’t have time to condense it.

Baby Ginseng understood that it was the healer in this battle.

It sighed.

Eleven’s palm was world-shaking.

“Ya!!!” Unfortunately, this palm still couldn’t punish the Space Worm. Eleven’s huge palm, which was enough to destroy a country, began to slowly move from the huge pit with Eleven’s eyes wide open. In the huge pit of destruction, a small worm figure directly propped up Eleven’s huge palm and slowly floated into the sky.

Boom!!

As soon as it released its strength, the reinforced iron bones in Eleven’s palm seemed to have been interrupted. Eleven’s entire body began to fall back under the huge force. During this process, Eleven began to shrink and return to its normal state, flying in the sky.

“Roar!!!” The worm shouted crazily, revealing a panicked expression.

What were these guys doing?

Why did it feel that they were even stronger than the primary-level god it had swallowed previously?

With so many potent opponents, the worm panicked.

“You’re so strong, can you not be so cowardly?” The worm felt another attack.

“My two cat teachers aren’t as cowardly as you.”

At this moment, Shi Yu finally attacked. The Vermillion Bird clone let out a cry and turned into a black sword enchanted with the World Destruction Vermillion Bird’s flames, activating the fire patterns on it. A white armor automatically appeared on Shi Yu’s body. Shorty returned to the team and flew into the Creation Domain to strengthen Shi Yu.

There was also a mysterious dark shield mark on the armor. In addition to Buggy’s Creation Domain, Buggy had transferred the authority of the world to Shi Yu. At this moment, Shi Yu’s attack was enough to reach the divine level.

“Profoundity Sword Skill, Holy Beast Slash.” The sword that had fused the power of the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise made Shi Yu’s body flicker with light, turning into a meteor that pierced towards the worm.

Sensing the terrifying power on Shi Yu’s body, the worm panicked even more. Its stare kept flickering.

Don’t come over!!

“Ya!!” Under the worm’s roar, the spreading divine power compressed into its sharp claws and waved a light that was like the flowing of a galaxy.

Boom!!!

With the light, Shi Yu’s sword slash dissipated the other party’s unique skill and collided with the worm’s main body. When the beautiful halo lingered into a storm, with a crack, the Creation Domain shattered under the huge impact. After the destruction of the small world, the two figures flew backward together and floated in the starry sky. Shi Yu panted, and the worm also panted. Purple blood flowed down the gaps of its armor.

As for Shi Yu’s body, apart from injuries of various sizes, the power of the abyss also infected him, making Shi Yu slightly serious. This guy…

“Susu, cleanse.”

“Everyone, assault together, except Susu.”

Under Shi Yu’s call, the abyss corrosion on his body was immediately cleansed. At the same time, a combination ability of the Creation Domain and the Taiji Domain was born.

The black and white world restarted, making the worm’s expression change again as it felt the suppression.

With a roar, it entered the Taiji World. Eleven’s pupils revealed a violent gaze, and its battle power increased greatly. It directly entered the Divine Demon Thought state. Before the worm could react, a Thunder Palm cracked its armor, causing it to fly backward with a puff. It spat out blood crazily and endured serious injuries.