Chapter 1444 - 1444 The Worst God And Return (4)

1444 The Worst God and Return (4)

“Yiya (Jupiter!)…” During the process of the worm flying backward, although Baby Ginseng couldn’t use self-destruction, it still had other attack methods. It pointed at the abyss worm flying backward. Under the nourishment of the light that filled the sky, a huge wood-element star condensed and wrapped around the worm.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Then…

“Boom!!” Jupiter seemed to have been ignited as it emitted a huge flame, devouring the worm that Eleven sent flying again.

Boom.

The aftermath was endless, and the starry sky was incomparably dazzling and beautiful. On Blue Planet, the gods who had indeed sensed the fluctuations of the starry sky battle felt their hearts skip a beat. They didn’t even dare to breathe loudly, as if the end of the world would come at any time.

“Shi Yu…” The World Tree clone, which was the only one who flew out of Blue Planet to pay attention to the battle, saw the Space Worm being suppressed by Shi Yu and the others and felt that it was unbelievable. An intermediate god being suppressed by a group of demigods was also unimaginable in the Mythical War.

“Ah!!!” However, this armored worm was much more tenacious than he imagined. In the light, its entire body turned into a black and purple vortex that kept devouring the aftermath of Jupiter’s explosion and slowly walked out of the explosion.

Seeing this, Baby Ginseng was stunned. Beside it, Buggy told Baby Ginseng not to cause trouble and just wait to be a healer after the battle.

Baby Ginseng: “?”

“How did I antagonize you?” After the worm came out this time, it couldn’t help but say.

Shi Yu and the others were stunned. They didn’t expect the worm to ask this.

“What do you think? Didn’t you consume life on Blue Planet?”

The worm cried out crazily. It just wanted to eat its fill. What was wrong with that?

Didn’t they eat meat too? It felt that it had been wronged.

“It’s true that you want to fill your stomach, but this is a matter of position. If we allow you to do as you wish, the ecology of Blue Planet will be destroyed by you. If you mess around like this, how can I freeload on Blue Planet’s world power in the future? Moreover, you’ll devour someone I know sooner or later. If you want to eat your fill on other planets, I can’t be bothered with you.” Shi Yu smiled kindly.

“Tell me, do you merit to die?”

The worm delayed Shi Yu for half a year, yet it still dared feel wronged?

World Tree, Worm: “?”

Baby Ginseng:!!

Shi Yu said, “Finish it.”

The Space Worm was shocked.

Everyone’s attack continued.

Buggy touched the back of the Space Worm and directly took out the intrinsic Dragon Ball that had been refined for a long time.

“Meow!” Buggy gave the short cat a secret signal. The short cat immediately stunned the worm through the Retribution White Tiger.

Right on the heels of that, Buggy directly smashed the Dragon Ball at the worm with a bang.

“Pfft!!” The worm felt its body being flattened and it fell towards a certain asteroid.

Seeing that Buggy’s Dragon Ball was so fierce, Qi looked at the Star Umbrella that had just been blown apart and her heart twitched.

“Profoundity Sword Skill, Vermillion Bird Chant.” When Shi Yu saw the worm smashing towards him, divine power lingered in his red eyes. The sword aura in the form of the Holy Beast Vermillion Bird lingered on his body, instantly turning into a fiery red light that waved and slashed at the worm.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!!!

Shi Yu passed through like a Vermillion Bird phantom. Explosions occurred consecutively on the worm’s body, and World Destruction Flame lingered around its body.

“This, this, this, this.”

The battle was very intense. As the river of stars trembled, the World Tree was stunned.

It actually had the illusion that the worm that was two levels higher than Shi Yu and the others was very miserable.

“Uh ah!!!” In the fire body, the armored worm roared. Its body turned into the Devour Space again and absorbed the fire.

“Stop, stop…”

To be honest, the Space Worm no longer wanted to fight. Its heart was in a mess, and it felt that its consumption was increasing. If this continued, everything it had eaten previously would be for nothing.

If this continued, the outcome was hard to say.

“It’s still alright?”

Of course, apart from the worm being frightened, the World Tree clone was also rather nervous. Seeing that although Shi Yu could suppress the worm, he couldn’t take it down for a long time and his skills were frequently devoured, it was very worried that something would happen.

If the other party swallowed and evolved, it would be bad.

“Shi Yu, let me help you,” the World Tree clone said.

Although consuming the power of the world in a battle would cause Blue Planet’s level to decrease again, the most important thing was to solve the hidden danger!

“There’s no need. Don’t waste the upgrade resources. Senior Space Emperor and the others will cry.” Shi Yu floated in the starry sky and said, “We can settle this guy.”

“Forget it, I won’t fight anymore,” Shi Yu said. “As long as I know the difference.”

Shi Yu didn’t want to fight anymore. He had already replicated the two most important skills, so he said, “Susu, deal with it.”

The World Tree clone was shocked and looked at the Starry Sky Slime that revealed a bitter expression!

This guy was the Blue Sea Sprite.

Although its appearance had changed, its form hadn’t changed. The World Tree clone could recognize it.

At this moment, the World Tree clone suddenly discovered a blind spot. Just now, the Blue Sea Sprite had only been assisting in purging and didn’t directly attack this Abyss Worm.

Logically speaking, the effect of the Sea Cleansing Spirit’s attack on the Abyss Worm shouldn’t be inferior to the various unique skills released by Shi Yu previously.

Why…

“Ya!!!” At this moment, seeing the little life form that had been hiding behind to cleanse its abyssal power appear, the Abyss Worm revealed an hostile expression. After fighting for a long time, it really wanted to consume some nutritious food first.

This water-element life form wasn’t bad.

However, suddenly, the sneaky feeling in its heart made it sense a trace of danger. It gave up on the thought of fighting. The moment the battle calmed down, it turned and flew away, wanting to leave the troubled place of Blue Planet.