Chapter 1446 - 1446 The Worst God And Return (6)

1446 The Worst God and Return (6)

This was the foundation of the power of the Space Worm.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for the second one, Shi Yu replicated the other party’s Hole of the Universe skill. Although this Space Worm had inherited the cosmic behemoth’s Hole of the Universe, it was obvious that it had yet to be trained to the level of a divine skill. Therefore, the one Shi Yu replicated was also a quasi-divine skill.

Fortunately, the other party’s training level wasn’t high. Otherwise, it probably wouldn’t be so easy for Buggy to use the Creation Domain to isolate the other party from opening the Hole of the Universe.

However, it was a pity that be it the Infinite Devour or the Hole of the Universe, Shi Yu’s group of pets didn’t have much compatibility. The former was because its level was too high and it couldn’t be taught. The latter, as the exclusive skill of the cosmic behemoth race, was also quite difficult to learn. There was really no compatibility.

Therefore, after the battle, Shi Yu scratched his head. He felt that apart from obtaining a pile of support equipment from the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, he had gained nothing.

He didn’t know when he could use these skills.

“Umbrella, my umbrella, wu wu wu.” As Shi Yu concluded his gains, the other pets were also chatting about the battle just now.

Qi held the broken Star Umbrella and felt a little aggrieved. The umbrella had first been lowered by Buggy and Baby Ginseng before it was refined, and now it was beaten up by the Space Worm. It was so sad.

“We can just repair it again,” Shi Yu comforted Qi.

“It’s mainly because your umbrella doesn’t look as hard as a dragon ball or anything. Why don’t you change it to a mace? The Mace Loli is pretty impressive.”

“No!”

“Yiya,” Baby Ginseng said. The Space Worm wasn’t killed by Susu, but sent to reincarnate by its Reincarnation Fruit. Therefore, shouldn’t the divine-level first clear belong to Baby Ginseng?

“Ji!!” Buggy wanted Baby Ginseng to have some shame. The one it sent away wasn’t even at the transcendent level.

“Hmph.” Baby Ginseng expressed that it didn’t care anymore.

“Baby Ginseng, you’ve done very well. At least you can last for so long without self-destructing.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “During the God Sealing Battle, you can explode to your heart’s content. No one will stop you.”

Baby Ginseng was filled with fighting spirit. It wanted to fight that Cosmic Crow Zavay!

After dealing with the Space Worm, it was time for Shi Yu to leave Blue Planet. Afraid of wasting time, Shi Yu, who was in a hurry to return, informed President Lin and the others before rushing back to World King Planet.

In any case, if it went smoothly, everyone would see each other soon.

The gem cat still had to pack up, so Shi Yu didn’t wait for her.

World King Planet.

Floating Realm, Sky City.

At this moment, this place was extraordinarily lively, because the annual God Sealing Battle was about to begin. At the moment, the geniuses and second-generation heirs of the Floating Planet and the Floating Realm had all come to Sky City, planning to use the teleportation facilities of Sky City to go to the nearby first-level realm to participate and register.

Generally speaking, the people of the Floating Realm went to the Dong Xuan Realm and the Heavenly Demon Realm beside them to register. After all, this place and the Floating Realm were in a realm alliance.

The Dong Xuan Realm was controlled by the three races, the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin, while the Heavenly Demon Realm was controlled by the Angels and Demons.

Of course, because the God Sealing Battle was held very frequently, many people didn’t go to the same place every year and use the God Sealing Battle to travel to other worlds, such as the Blue Wave World and even the central world. It was also common, but the further away they were, the more rich they needed.

At this moment, in a venue in Sky City, the young geniuses were gathered and listening to Lord Lin Feng’s passionate speech.

In order to encourage the geniuses of the Floating Realm, before the annual God Sealing Battle, Lin Feng and the Space Emperor would choose one person to mobilize these geniuses, hoping that they could achieve better results.

This year, it was Lin Feng’s turn.

“Hello, Sister Zilan, isn’t Shi Yu back yet?” The Phoenix man sat beside Zi Lan and asked, “Looks like he doesn’t intend to participate in this year’s God Sealing Battle.”

“With his strength, even if he participates this year, I think he can achieve pretty good results.”

He had also learned from Zi Lan that Shi Yu had gone to Blue Planet to deal with an intermediate god. However, like Zi Lan, although he felt that Shi Yu’s strength wasn’t weak, wasn’t it too strange for a Level 9 Beast Tamer to deal with an intermediate god?

Intermediate gods were considered famous experts in the Floating Realm.

“I don’t know either. If that intermediate god is the same as in the prophecy, it should appear recently, but whether Shi Yu can kill it… and whether he can return in a complete state… I can’t determine,” Zi Lan said.

In the past half a year, she had also been instructed by the Space Emperor to travel to Blue Planet to exchange information. Sky City also knew that the worms were hiding and might not appear for half a year.

“That’s all I have to say. I hope your ranking this year can improve from last year.” Lin Feng stood in front and smiled at the more than a hundred genius Beast Tamers of the Floating Realm and their contracted pets below.

“Grandpa.” At this moment, among the geniuses, a young man stood up and said, “Are we the only ones representing the Floating Realm this year?”

“Isn’t Shi Yu from Blue Planet participating?? He’s … also very strong, right?”

After Lin Feng’s grandson, Lin Rui, finished speaking, many geniuses present discussed softly. The genius of the Lu family, Lu Ran, and the daughter of the Space Emperor, Wang Qingqing, these second-generation heirs who had once been beaten up by Shi Yu in the Sky Arena were all attracted by Lin Rui’s question.

Yes, why didn’t Shi Yu, who had appeared for a while in Sky City, appear for so long? Would he participate?

These young geniuses had no idea that Shi Yu had gone to the Blue Wave World. Their memories of Shi Yu still lingered on Shi Yu using the dragon that had inherited the power of the Ancestral Dragon to sweep through the geniuses in the Sky Arena.

“Shi Yu…” Lin Feng had a slight headache. “He was dispatched to the mother planet by me and the Realm Master to carry out a special quest. I’m not sure if he can rush back…”

“Huh?” Just as Lin Feng finished speaking, he suddenly looked outside the venue and said in surprise, “What a coincidence. He’s back. This way, your team still has to add another person.”

“If nothing goes wrong, he will also participate in the God Sealing Battle with you.”

“Alright, the meeting is over! I wish everyone good results. It’s still the same rules as in the past years. I’ll deduce the evolution path for you!”

After Lin Feng finished speaking, the other geniuses were alright, but Zi Lan and the Phoenix Man, the two geniuses who were ambassadors of Blue Planet and World King Planet, looked at each other with slightly changed expressions.

Shi Yu… was back?

Don’t tell them… Shi Yu really killed that intermediate god… This… If he really did it, wouldn’t such a guy participate in the God Sealing Battle… be killing indiscriminately?

…

Sky City, on the temple.

When Shi Yu returned, Lin Feng and the Space Emperor were the first to know. They put down what they were doing and came to the temple to wait for Shi Yu.

“Fortunately, I didn’t disappoint.” Just as Shi Yu landed, he smiled and said to Lin Feng and the Space Emperor.

Upon hearing that, Lin Feng and the Space Emperor also had happy expressions. The Space Emperor laughed and said, “Well done. Moreover, the time happened to be in time for the God Sealing Battle. With you this time, the Floating Realm is stable.”

“Yeah, you brat, you have to let our Senior Space Emperor hold his head high for once. Among the three major realms of the Blue Planet lineage, the Floating Realm has the worst results in the past years,” Lin Feng said with a chuckle.

“I will,” Shi Yu said. “By the way, Senior Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, I plan to let every companion enroll for the competition alone. It shouldn’t be a problem, right… They’ve always wanted to see their limits alone. I want to satisfy them.”

“If I’m lucky, I might be able to get more placements for our Floating Realm.”

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng: ???

Huh? What did this kid say?

“You’re f*cking arrogant,” Lin Feng couldn’t help but say, but then he was amused. His expression was very arrogant. “However, I like it. Hahahaha.”

At the side, the Space Emperor’s face darkened. Could the two of you save him some trouble? The Space Emperor didn’t understand why his subsequent Dong Huang legendaries were so unstable.

However, the Space Emperor displayed a faint smile. Forget it, Shi Yu could do whatever he wanted. He was still young anyway.

In this year’s God Sealing Battle, the various realms… were going to be stunned. He, World King Wang, could finally rise up in front of that group of World King friends. As a new realm, the Floating Realm’s basis was still weak. It was normal for the juniors to not be able to compare to those old realms, but this year… an even more terrifying one came to their Floating Realm!