Chapter 1447 - 1447 Beginning Of The God Sealing Battle (1)

1447 Beginning of the God Sealing Battle (1)

“There’s still half a month until the God Sealing Battle. During this period, you can prepare well.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If you have any needs, you can tell me and Lin Feng,” the Space Emperor said.

Lin Feng looked at Shi Yu and said, “By the way, which realm do you plan to register for the competition?”

“Central realm,” Shi Yu said.

“I’ve never been there. I want to go to a big place to take a look.”

“Moreover, isn’t the additional challenge after obtaining first place in the God Sealing Battle that you can’t fight online and have to go to the central realm to do it?”

“Let’s go over there directly to save ourselves the trouble.”

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng were silent. Look, was this human language?

Even if two to nine people worked together in the God Sealing Battle, they wouldn’t be as arrogant as this kid.

“If you can’t get first place, after this God Sealing Battle ends, I’ll personally give you ‘hell special training’.” The Space Emperor made a decision. It was mainly because Shi Yu’s words were too arrogant and he couldn’t stand it.

“Hehe.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’ll work hard.”

…

After returning to the World King Planet, there was still half a month until the God Sealing Battle began. In other words, Shi Yu could still prepare for battle for about ten days.

It was just ten days. Shi Yu originally wanted to spend it quietly, but Zi Lan, Phoenix Man, and the others immediately came looking for him after Shi Yu returned.

“Shi Yu, you really succeeded in killing that intermediate god?”

The two of them ran over in disbelief to verify this question. They wanted to know very much.

“You definitely won’t believe me if I say it.” Shi Yu saw the two’s curious gazes and grinned. “But that’s indeed the case.”

The two of them opened their mouths wide, not very understanding. Shi Yu said, “What’s with the suspense? I’ll also participate in the God Sealing Battle. You’ll know after the God Sealing Battle. I just returned from the battle. Let me rest first.”

“Alright… We’ll definitely watch your every battle live broadcast,” the Phoenix man said through gritted teeth.

He didn’t believe that there was really someone who could walk out of a remote place in less than a year and become the strongest demigod in the entire universe.

“Which realm are you going to participate in?” Zi Lan asked.

“Do you want to go to the central realm together?” Shi Yu asked.

Zi Lan was stunned, then said, “Forget it, forget it. We have to go to the Dong Xuan Realm. We have to go to the family of the contracted target.”

A moment later, Shi Yu sent the two of them away and heaved a sigh of relief.

Sigh, he had already imagined how the various associations his pet had joined would annoy him if he really got first place in the God Sealing Battle.

Shi Yu then paid attention to his pets and planned to mobilize them before the competition.

In the past half a year, the one who had improved the most was definitely Qi.

From nothing to having battle power was a huge improvement.

However, Qi definitely wouldn’t participate in the God Sealing Battle.

“Ahhh~” In the room, when Shi Yu called his pets out to mobilize, Qi’s heart itched. She had obtained battle power, but she couldn’t fight. It was so annoying to participate in the team internal competition.

“It’s just the God Sealing Battle. There’s nothing to participate in. It’s just a baby game,” Shi Yu said. “When you transmigrate us to the ancient universe to take risks one day, we’ll engage in combat to our heart’s content.”

“Well, that’s true…” Qi thought and said, “I’m actually more inquisitive now. Who’s the sixth cosmic life form?”

“If there’s a chance, I have to return and take a look.”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “There’s no hurry. Let’s deal with the super divine level first. The cosmic level isn’t that fast.”

Eleven, Buggy, and the other pets nodded repeatedly in the room.

Qi wasn’t very bold. After being led onto the archeological path by Shi Yu, she was quite curious.

Just like on Blue Planet, there were many historical gaps. In the universe, there were even more historical gaps.

Not to mention the last era, just this era had lost or erased a lot of history.

One of them was that there were rumors that a total of six cosmic-level experts had been born in this era since ancient times.

Apart from the current five cosmic-level experts, there was still one more.

However, the data of this cosmic life form seemed to have been erased. There were no records at all.

It was normal for Qi to be inquisitive about it. Shi Yu was also curious. However, being curious about a cosmic life form wasn’t something they could afford to do at their current level.

“My lord, my lord.”

At this moment, Turtle and Little Quas suddenly walked over.

“We’ve thought about it. We’re going to join in the form of a fusion this time.”

“Have you thought about it? Sure.” Shi Yu looked at the Fusion Black Tortoise.

At this moment, the appearance of the Fusion Black Tortoise changed drastically.

In this half a year, Turtle and Little Quas finished their evolution again.

It wasn’t through any special evolution method, but relying on the totem stage to optimize its racial abilities.

In the past, Turtle was only the Longevity Turtle, and Little Quas was only the Winter Water Snake. Now, their normal state before they fused had also evolved into different appearances and evolved into a divine-level race.

Turtle had evolved to become stronger. Its current body was very suitable for combat, so it called itself “Battle Turtle”.

A black tortoise shell, a white abdomen, a fierce face, strong muscles, and a standing figure. When it waved its fist, it looked like a Battle Turtle.

In the words of the turtle, the Turtle Prime Minister, who couldn’t engage in combat and couldn’t conquer the country for his lord, wasn’t a good prime minister.

As for Little Quas, it had newly evolved into two heads and evolved into a three-headed snake. The reason why it evolved like this was because they realized that the stronger its mental strength, the stronger the power of faith it could trigger. Therefore, Little Quas optimized itself in the direction of enhancing its mental strength.

Therefore, after Turtle and Little Quas fused, they looked like a standing Battle Turtle. Above, on the left, and on the right, a white sea snake appeared. They were very fierce.