Chapter 1449 - 1449 Beginning Of The God Sealing Battle (3)

1449 Beginning of the God Sealing Battle (3)

“Everyone, are you together?” The staff looked at the long line and asked Shi Yu, who was at the front.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“No, I don’t know them,” Shi Yu said.

“Uh, alright,” the staff said.

A moment later, Shi Yu and the others left. They each took their contestant cards and left the staff in confusion.

Bullsh*t.

They were all from the Floating Realm and even entered together. How could they not know each other?

The staff would never have thought that this pile of strange creatures that had signed up separately was all one person’s contracted pet.

At most, he thought that they knew each other. After all, in the Floating Realm, it was rare for a Level 9 Beast Tamer to contract multiple pets, let alone 10!

This was actually a bug. Every life individual could register independently, but if this life individual had a contracted target, the contracted target was also included in this individual.

And if this contracted target was a human Beast Tamer, and this human Beast Tamer had other contracted pets, it would still be considered an individual.

Everything only recognized the contract connection.

Shi Yu wasn’t the first to play like this, but none of the contestants who played like this had obtained good results. There were very few in the top 100.

After all, on the World King Planet, there had never been anyone who could contract multiple pets and train multiple pets to the top of the God Sealing Battle.

This might also be the reason why the officials of the God Sealing Battle had never paid much attention to this bug.

Shi Yu didn’t know if the officials of the God Sealing Battle would repair this loophole if his pet could really occupy the top rankings this time…

…

After registering, Shi Yu retracted his pets and sat in the teleportation array to find Senior Lin Feng according to the coordinates sent by Senior Lin Feng.

In fact, it wasn’t a big problem for Shi Yu, Lin Feng, and the others to find a random wilderness and stay in the ruins space. However, this would be too miserable. It was no different from camping.

It was rare for him to come to the central realm, so he naturally had to stay in a luxurious place that included three meals.

At this time, there was a luxurious mystic realm residential area specially prepared for the contestants of the God Sealing Battle. Divine chefs used various divine-level ingredients to cook three meals a day. It was a nutritional meal specially prepared for the contestants of the God Sealing Battle.

With Shi Yu participating, as a senior, Lin Feng naturally couldn’t let Shi Yu suffer.

“Shi Yu, come quickly.”

When Shi Yu arrived at the mystic realm residential area, he saw Lin Feng standing outside the villa, chatting with a bearded middle-aged man in sunglasses and a cigarette in his mouth.

Next to the other party was a cool girl in sunglasses.

“Old Lin, so he’s the junior you brought to participate?” The smoking man looked at Shi Yu and said, “He doesn’t look very old.”

“Don’t tell me he’s your illegitimate son. You don’t even value your descendants so much, right? You even brought him up personally.”

Lin Feng was amused. “If I could have such an outstanding, illegitimate son, I would die of joy.”

“Shi Yu, this guy is an old friend of Wang Kong and me in the Void Battlefield. We’ve possessed a life-and-death relationship. Just call him Old Sun.”

“This is his daughter, also here to participate in the God Sealing Battle. You’re about the same age, you can get to know each other.”

“Senior Sun.” Shi Yu understood. Lin Feng possessed encountered someone he knew. The world was very big, but it was very small.

“Haha, hello,” Senior Sun said. “This is the first time I’ve seen Lin Feng value a junior so much. I’m waiting to see your performance. Your name is Shi Yu, right?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Yes.”

“Ah Lin, let’s have a meal together?” Senior Sun invited. “We haven’t seen each other for so many years. At least let’s drink until we’re drunk.”

“Alright,” Lin Feng said. “Shi Yu, let’s go together.”

Shi Yu was helpless. Forget it, so be it. He was also hungry. He wanted to see how delicious the delicacies made by the chef of the central realm were. He was tired of eating Baby Ginseng’s fruits.

Meat! Meat! Meat!

At the dining table.

Lin Feng and Senior Sun drank happily. Shi Yu didn’t drink and ate meat silently at the side.

“Why aren’t the two of you talking?” Senior Sun and Lin Feng, who were chatting, couldn’t help but ask when they observed that the two juniors didn’t communicate the whole time.

“Qiujing, communicate with your peers,” Senior Sun said.

“What’s there to talk about?” Sun Qiujing said silently. She looked at Shi Yu and felt that there was nothing to communicate about.

Shi Yu took another bite of meat. He didn’t expect her to be an introverted girl. She had to broaden her horizons!

“Look at you. You cultivate all day and don’t even know how to chat anymore?” Senior Sun smiled and said, “You both have to participate in this God Sealing Battle. You can talk about this.”

Sun Qiujing gazed at Shi Yu and nodded. “Do you want to compete?”

“Cough.” Shi Yu almost choked. Did she know how to chat?

Senior Sun also gazed awkward, but beside him, Lin Feng was interested and said, “Old Wang, this is your daughter’s first time participating.”

“Yeah, but she’s very strong. She was only released after she received sufficient training from her mother. I think it shouldn’t be a problem to fight for the top 10,000,” Senior Sun said confidently.

“Do you want to compete?” Lin Feng asked. “Let’s see who has a higher ranking between her and Shi Yu. Let’s bet on something.”

The corners of Senior Sun’s mouth twitched. “What are you thinking about taking from me?”

“Cough, with the super divine resource you obtained on the battlefield, you shouldn’t have used it yet, right?” Lin Feng said.

Senior Sun said, “Get lost…”

“If I lose, I’ll give up my life to help you deduce an evolution path of a top-notch god race. I’ll pay all the evolution materials. You specify the target.”