Chapter 1442 - 1442 The Worst God And Return (2)

1442 The Worst God and Return (2)

Was the World Tree afraid of lowering the Blue Planet’s world level?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“None of you should come.”

On Blue Planet, when some divine-level experts wanted to fly to the starry sky to support Shi Yu, like Divine Source Legendary, they heard Shi Yu’s telepathy spread through the sky.

The Space Worm could evolve, grow, and treat injuries by devouring everything. Shi Yu could take care of his team, but he might not necessarily be able to take care of others.

If a bunch of people came, they might all become nutrients for the worms.

“This kid…” Divine Source guessed Shi Yu’s meaning and couldn’t help but curse.

When did he become a burden, and after becoming a god?

Shi Yu wanted to face the Space Worm alone.

“Yo, you’re finally here.” Shi Yu looked at the worm with a smile.

“Master, the other party’s divine power is very strong,” Ling reminded. “But fortunately, it hasn’t reached the level of a high-level god. It can be used to test the strength of the current team.”

“If you defeat it, you can defeat the intermediate divine examiner of the God Sealing Battle.”

At this moment, all the pets behind Shi Yu appeared and stared at the Space Worm.

“Die!!!” As Ling and Shi Yu communicated, Shorty stimulated the other party again, making the Space Worm charge over in anger.

It was extremely fast.

Boom!

In an instant, the Cosmic Eye was sliced into two by the other party’s sharp claws and exploded in the universe. As for Shi Yu and the others, who had just stood on the Eye of the Universe, they had already scattered and flown in the starry sky.

“Wuu!” Photons lingered on Eleven’s body as it used the light to control its flight. It looked at the armored bug with strong battle intent.

As cosmic life forms, the Green Dragon, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and White Tiger Four Holy Beasts naturally didn’t need any other methods to fly freely in the starry sky.

Among them, the Vermillion Bird was a clone, while Chi Tong’s main body had already possessed Shi Yu, turning Shi Yu into a sword god in a black trench coat and holding a black sword with fire patterns.

The other pets also displayed their abilities. Even the overlord of the earth, Little Ji, knew that it couldn’t lose face at this time and flew with anti-gravity.

It could be said that apart from Little Zi, who was light, soft, and not suitable for fighting, Shi Yu’s entire group had joined the battlefield. Even Qi rushed over from Tingxiang to support Shi Yu.

“What’s that…”

On Blue Planet, in everyone’s vision, the starry sky seemed to have exploded, spreading an extremely dazzling light. It was the armored bug attacking Shorty.

It knew that the one who tortured it just now was this guy. At this moment, its first hunting target was Shorty.

The armored worm’s sharp claws that could tear apart stars slashed fiercely at Shorty. At this moment, a Shadow Northern Guard appeared on Shorty’s body. That was the support of Little Quas and Turtle, the strongest defense.

Under the blockage of the Dark North Shield, this attack didn’t cause much damage to Shorty. It only tore its armor apart. However, the aftermath of the attack and the shield’s collision still caused a violent energy explosion, blowing Shorty away and smashing it into the moon, creating a huge hole on the moon with a bang.

The armored worm ignored the other pets and locked onto Shorty, flying towards the moon.

Weak, it was too weak.

The worm that was still a little worried before attacking no longer cared.

It wanted to devour the other party!

But just as it flew halfway, the white eye of the storm that appeared unexpectedly made the worm’s pupils shrink.

In an instant, a storm formed. The originally white eye of the storm began to be dyed in red, green, blue, gold, purple, various colors. Air, electricity, heat, light… A moving and chaotic starry sky energy storm swept up, looking very much like a surging sea, directly devouring the worm!

“Ah!!!” In the storm, under the miserable cry of the worm, it seemed to have suffered damage stronger than the Retribution White Tiger. As the energy in the storm vibrated, a broken body pushed open the storm and walked out.

“Unfortunately.” Seeing this, the mini battleship Ling in the starry sky felt a pity. The effect of the cosmic storm that used up nearly half its energy on the worm wasn’t very satisfactory.

Beside Ling, the corners of the other teammates’ mouths twitched. It was a pity to beat an intermediate god into such a miserable state in one move.

“Ah!!!”

After struggling to break free from the storm, the worm suddenly looked at Ling and panicked.

Strong, it was too strong.

The worm, which had no consideration before attacking, was worried.

The other party could hurt him!

Forget it, why not leave?

The wounds on its body healed, and it turned and flew away.

Shi Yu: “?”

“Roar!!!” However, when it flew away, under Buggy’s roar, the surrounding Origin Domain activated.

In an instant, the armored worm was covered in it, causing it to be stunned. It wanted to tear open its domain, but it realized that this small world was very strong and it very difficult to do.

It wanted to open the hole of the universe and leave first, but it realized that it couldn’t do it at all. This made the armored worm’s heart skip a beat. It looked around and realized that it was already surrounded.

“Boom!” The Fusion Black Tortoise’s Black Tortoise Fist directly smashed towards the armored worm. The fist shadow of the serpent’s roar raised waves of booms.

“Roar!!” Under the hot sun, Little Ji also swung a Sun Meteorite Sword. Because it saw the miserable state of the cat being sent flying just now, it didn’t dare attack directly and only released sword light from behind.

“Quack!!” Duckie, who had opened its mind, observed the abyssal power surging in the enemy’s body and immediately reminded everyone to be careful. At the same time, it imitated Little Ji and threw out a Vajra Demon Subduing Staff, not daring to approach.