Chapter 1448 - 1448 Beginning Of The God Sealing Battle (2)

1448 Beginning of the God Sealing Battle (2)

It gave Shi Yu the feeling that it was a Mega Water Arrow Turtle. The cannon barrel had been changed to a sea snake.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In that case, our ranking will be higher. With our strength, it might be difficult for us to enter the top 50,” Little Quas’s three heads said together, and there was an echo.

In fact… it was mainly because… the two of them were afraid that they would be at the bottom if they participated in the battle alone.

If they participated in the battle together now, no matter how lousy they were, they wouldn’t be weaker than Shorty.

“Achoo.” The short-legged white tiger playing with the furball sensed malice.

Shi Yu said in amusement, “The top 50 is already a very terrifying result.”

“However, it shouldn’t be a problem to participate as a fused body. Your fusion state should be able to be seen as an individual.”

“By the way, if those Four Saints Evolvers in the Four Saints Ruins knew that you guys changed so quickly, I wonder if they would cry.”

When Buggy and the others were guardians of the Four Holy Ruins, because they displayed too much strength, they inevitably encountered follow-ups.

In that month, Shi Yu had already seen no less than 100 Four Saints Evolvers evolving their images towards the forms of Buggy, Chi Tong, Turtle Little Quas, and Shorty, making Shi Yu extremely speechless.

During that period, no less than ten Turtle Snake Black Tortoises appeared.

This was just like plastic surgery on Earth. They all went for a attractive template.

Perhaps this could indeed increase the confidence of some of the Four Saints Evolvers and increase their control over the power of faith.

“Come, come, come. Let’s discuss your registration names next.”

“Forget about Eleven, Chi Tong, and Ling.”

“Buggy, isn’t it a little unsuitable for you to straightforwardly use Buggy to register for the God Sealing Battle? When the time comes, it’ll be a little embarrassing to announce your name as the top 10 winner of the God Sealing Battle.”

“Turtle, Little Quas, you have to have a new moniker in your fusion state, right?”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the pets revealed speechless expressions. So their Beast Tamer still knew that the moniker he gave them was a little embarrassing.

Buggy cried.

Shorty also cried. Although it liked Shi Yu to call it Shorty, it was indeed ridiculous to use this moniker to compete. It didn’t want to be called ‘contestant Shorty’.

“Yi…” Only Baby Ginseng heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, it had long given itself a new name.

Now, everyone in the plant association knew its well-known name, the ginseng emperor. This was called intelligence.

Ling: “Sure, I wonder if 10 days is enough to think of a name.”

…

After a while.

On the Floating Realm’s side, Vice Realm Master Lin Feng personally brought Shi Yu to the central realm and acted as a bodyguard.

Lin Feng’s direct descendants didn’t even enjoy this treatment.

In the central realm.

It could be seen as the center capital of the World King Planet. Many official institution headquarters that crossed hundreds of realms were located here.

Although the God Sealing Battle could be registered in the various first-level realms and then entered the “second world” to fight through the teleportation array, which was similar to the ranking fight of all races, there was no doubt that the number of contestants gathered in the central realm every year was the most. This was a pursuit.

“We’re finally here.” Lin Feng and Shi Yu had finally arrived at the largest teleportation point on World King Planet.

At this time, there was an endless stream of tourists coming to the central realm. The entire teleportation point was filled with people. Shi Yu and Lin Feng were completely inconspicuous.

“Heh, Shi Yu.” Lin Feng poked Shi Yu and said, “Look at that.”

He pointed at a sexy beauty with ice-blue skin.

“Oh?” Shi Yu was still looking for the exit when he heard Senior Lin Feng call him. He immediately looked over.

“What?”

“It’s the Frost Star People, the planet that produces attractive women. They’re incredibly beautiful. Look,” Lin Feng said. “Damn it, she left. Did you see her?”

Shi Yu’s face darkened. F*ck, he thought that the other party wanted him to see something important.

“Senior Lin Feng, you already have many descendants. Can you calm down?”

Lin Feng chuckled and said, “I just admire different beauties. Shi Yu, you brat, I already had several wives at your age. What about you?”

Shi Yu: “???”

“I just devoted all my energy to cultivation, so I’m stronger than you, Senior Lin Feng, than when you were at the same age.”

Lin Feng: “?”

“Kid, are you itching for a beating? If you can’t get first place in the God Sealing Battle, Senior Space Emperor and I will give you special training in hell for a year.”

Shi Yu said, “There’s such a good thing? I even want to deliberately go easy on you guys and let you give me special training…”

Lin Feng’s face darkened.

He, who often caused others to choke on their words, finally experienced the sensation of being choked.

At the same time, some passers-by saw Shi Yu and Lin Feng discussing the first place in the God Sealing Battle. They shook their heads and walked over with doubtful expressions.

Where did this country bumpkin come from? How could the first place in the God Sealing Battle be so easy to get?

Lin Feng and Shi Yu: “…”

Next, Shi Yu and Lin Feng separated.

Lin Feng went to find a place to stay, while Shi Yu found a place to register first.

Now, there were more than hundreds of registration points for the God Sealing Battle in the central realm, so there was basically no long line.

In the registration hall of a certain God Sealing Battle, a staff member with an outstanding aura looked at the strange long line that suddenly entered and fell into deep thought.

It was a young man in a panda casual suit and a panda.

Behind it was a Green Silkworm.

After that was a sword maiden in a black dress.

Baby Ginseng in a research suit.

Starry Sky Slime… mini battleship… dragon and a blind duck…