Chapter 1445 - 1445 The Worst God And Return (5)

1445 The Worst God and Return (5)

“Ning!” However, it was already too late. As Susu decided to attack, it activated the Reincarnation Fruit in the Infinite Devour Space and temporarily advanced to the divine level. Its stare wavered with a cleansing light, and a wave that swept through the starry sky instantly swallowed the entire territory.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Star Sea Contract, Origin Wave!

It believed that all the power on this abyss creature was impurities!

It should be cleansed.

Buzz!!

The starry sky fluctuations swept past, and the body of the armored worm that flew away suddenly froze on the spot. With a terrified expression, it felt that the power on its body was slowly disappearing and slowly returning to zero.

In an instant, it even lost the ability to float and fly in the universe. Its level quickly fell from intermediate god to primary god, then to demigod, overlord, monarch, commander, transcendent, awakening, and even…

Mortal body.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others widened their eyes and looked at Susu, who had displayed its divine might. They felt that it was extremely ridiculous, extremely ridiculous. Was this the lethality of cleansing star spirits to the Abyss Race?

Although they had already exhausted more than 60% of the worm’s stamina, Susu was still too terrifying.

At this moment, seeing this scene, the World Tree clone beside him was also suddenly stunned. It looked at the Space Worm floating helplessly in the universe like trash in shock and felt that it was unbelievable.

“This, this, this…” It looked at Susu in shock and at the Blue Sea Sprite that had turned from blue jelly to seven-colored jelly. It didn’t understand what exactly was going on with it just now and what skill it had used.

“If you could tolerate it a little more and hide in the hole of the universe without coming out, I really wouldn’t be able to do anything to you. Your cultivation isn’t good enough.” Shi Yu happily pulled the struggling Space Worm and walked in front of the World Tree clone. “Mission completed.”

“You… you… you… completed it just like that?” The World Tree clone was stunned. Didn’t they agree that the Space Emperor and the others would give a bunch of equipment to assist in battle? Why didn’t Shi Yu use it?

It was clearly still fighting just now, so why did the Blue Sea Sprite instantly kill its opponent with a glance??

The World Tree clone couldn’t understand the scene just now.

This was a method that was associated with the first place in the universe, the Abyss Race.

“It won’t be that easy if it’s someone who doesn’t have the power of the abyss,” Shi Yu said. “Fortunately, there should still be time. There’s still a period of time until the God Sealing Battle.”

“Lord World Tree, I’ll pack up and prepare to leave. There shouldn’t be anything else here, right?”

“I submit… I submit… Don’t kill me!!”

“I was wrong. I’m not eating anymore, I’m not eating anymore, alright?” The armored worm kept struggling in Shi Yu’s hand.

But now, its mortal body was completely controlled by Shi Yu.

Shi Yu couldn’t help but look at this coward… His will level… was low.

This was the guy who made the Blue Planet gods nervous.

Was his talent too good? He had grown to this extent without suffering much?

In fact, Shi Yu also discovered that the pets of the divine-level races beside humans on World King Planet generally didn’t have high will levels, inferior to those on Blue Planet.

This might be a pet with strong willpower?

“By the way, I don’t plan to kill this guy.”

The worm was delighted. “I…”

Shi Yu looked at the Space Worm and said, “This guy’s talent isn’t bad. I’ll send it to reincarnate later and let it start over on Blue Planet. When the time comes, guide it well. It might be able to become the guardian of Blue Planet in the future.”

“Ah…” The armored worm was shocked and struggled with all its might.

Wait, it didn’t want to reincarnate!! No!!!

“No…”

“Alright.” The World Tree clone nodded. Then, it recalled something and connected the divine-level lives on the entire Blue Planet through telepathy.

At this moment, on Blue Planet, in the seven countries and the totem country, in the divine mystic realms, every divine-level listened to the World Tree’s voice solemnly.

“I’m the World Tree.”

“The previous divine-level invader has already been dealt with by Shi Yu.”

“By the way, shouldn’t I collect some protection fee?” There were other voices mixed in the World Tree’s voice.

There was also a heart-wrenching scream.

The scream sounded as soon as the World Tree finished speaking.

The divine-level experts were rather moved. For example, the corners of Ancient God Golden Bull’s mouth twitched crazily. He felt that challenging Shi Yu previously was a stupid cow’s behavior.

What a joke… That Shi Yu… really did it? He dealt with an intermediate god…

Moreover, from the sound of it, it was captured alive???

Had an hour even passed during this period?

In the Origin Land, the Genesis Tree God and the other new gods who had some conflict with Shi Yu’s expressions stiffened. They felt that it was getting more and more ridiculous. The Genesis Tree God looked at its spatial warehouse and closed its eyes tightly, feeling the pinch. Shi Yu was giving it a warning, right? It had to be.

…

< Name > Infinite Devour

[Level]: Divine

< Introduction > It’s a special skill. It can open up the Devour Space and rely on devouring to digest everything to increase the race level and growth level, completing endless evolution and growth.

< Name > Hole of the Universe

[Level]: Quasi Divine-level

< Introduction > It can open the Hole of the Universe to perform a spatial jump.

In the battle with the Space Worm, Shi Yu had only replicated two skills. Firstly, it looked like a high-level skill, Infinite Devour. Susu’s Infinite Devour level had been stuck at the transcendental level for a long time. During this period, it had engulfed many divine-level resources and even super divine-level resources, but it didn’t increase its level.

This time, he finally replicated the divine-level devour skill.