Chapter 1441 - 1441 The Worst God And Return (1)

1441 The Worst God and Return (1)

“You’re not coming out, right?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It doesn’t matter. Then I’ll force you out.”

“Cat, do you sense it?”

“Meow!” The huge White Tiger in platinum armor stood beside Shi Yu, its Gem King Eye extremely dignified.

It almost sensed it!

This Space Worm was too sneaky.

Shi Yu didn’t expect that after half a year, the other party actually didn’t come out itself, but sent a bunch of clones.

Moreover, after the clone was destroyed, there was still no movement at all, afraid that there would be strong enemies in the outside world.

However, even if one thought a thousand times, one would definitely make a mistake. This Space Worm was still too young.

Shorty consumed the power of faith and activated the Power of Retribution. Those who were hostile to Shi Yu and the others were instantly locked onto by Shorty like lights in the night.

Amidst the dense hostility waves, Shorty quickly locked onto one of them.

After so many clones were destroyed, no matter how stealthy this Space Worm was, it was impossible for it not to have any hostility.

“Meow!!!” It looked at Shi Yu, indicating that it had already found the main body of the Space Worm.

However, Shorty blinked. Wasn’t there a little too many people who were antagonistic to it? Why wasn’t the Space Worm the only one?

“It’s normal, it’s normal,” Shi Yu said. “Your Beast Tamer is so outstanding and has charmed countless girls. The hostility produced by suitors of those girls is naturally huge.”

“Besides, there’s a bunch of messy foreign races.”

“Brilliant.” Shorty came to a realization. That made sense.

If he was too outstanding, it was inevitable that others would be jealous of him.

Shi Yu chuckled. There was more trouble when people were popular. Who didn’t have a dark side in their hearts? However, they were all small characters. At Shi Yu’s height, there was no need to argue with children.

“As long as it’s not that ridiculous, don’t worry. Let’s deal with this little worm first,” Shi Yu said.

…

The hole of the universe was a spatial tunnel that required special abilities to open. Not only could the user travel through the hole of the universe, but they could also live in it.

At this moment, a monster with purple armor skin and the appearance of a standing worm was panting slightly.

Its shell armor looked very hard. It had two human-like arms with sharp claws. The worm’s purple eyes flickered. Then, it used endurance.

It gave up on the idea of going out itself.

The clone was defeated so easily, which meant that there was a strong enemy in the outside world. It was better to continue recuperating for a period of time.

When it created a stronger clone, it would let the other party investigate.

This was what the Space Worm thought. However, in the next moment, its soul and mind suddenly felt a sharp pain. The intense pain made the Space Worm involuntarily scream.

“Ah…” An ear-piercing scream echoed in the hole of the universe.

A moment later, the pain stopped. The Space Worm took a deep breath. In fact, it didn’t suffer much damage. Compared to the damage, the sudden pain shocked it even more.

“Ah…” The armored worm was shocked. Could it be that its location had been discovered?

“Ah…” In the next moment, the armored worm suffered intense mental damage again, making it cry out.

A strong anger rose in the heart of the armored worm. Who was it, who exactly was it?

Forget it…

This method was unprecedented.

It gave up on the idea of going out to handle the other party.

It planned to endure it for a while and take a step back. It would be alright after a while.

It didn’t believe that the other party could repeatedly cause it damage.

The armored worm forcefully sealed its perception and fell asleep, but just as it fell asleep, a violent pain woke it up.

Its teeth swayed, and its stomach churned. It continued to close its eyes and try to sleep…

Bang!

Again.

Just like that, it repeated dozens of times.

“Ah!!!”

The armored worm angrily searched for the source of the attack, its body constantly shuttling through the hole of the universe.

“I’ll hit you every time you move…” In the starry sky, in the Eye of the Universe, the armored Shorty was enhanced by the nine-colored divine light. It depleted the power of faith and constantly crossed a long distance to punish the Space Worm.

Unfortunately, because the other party was very strong and hid too deeply, it wasn’t this space that could cause lethal damage.

Shorty felt the pinch. Its consumption just now was much greater than Buggy using the strengthened Dragon Star Group to smash a bunch of worm clones to death.

A moment later.

The armored worm, which had endured the harassment of Shorty all the way, found the source of the attack and opened the ultimate cave. It floated out of the cave and looked at Shorty, Shi Yu, and the others standing on the Eye of the Universe facility.

“You guys… have a death wish!!!” A huge abyssal divine power aura spread, making the people on Blue Planet in some areas look up and see a purple river of stars. There was no blue sky. That was the vast aura of the abyssal divine power of the Space Worm.

The entire Blue Planet seemed to be enveloped in dark clouds.

“Has the battle started?” The descent of the Dragon Star Group naturally attracted a lot of attention. Be it the gods who weren’t attacked or not, they could immediately feel the tense atmosphere in the starry sky.

“Shi Yu…” The World Tree immediately understood Shi Yu’s good intentions when it saw that Shi Yu had lured the worm into the universe and didn’t fight on Blue Planet.