Chapter 1453 - 1453 The First Battle (3)

1453 The First Battle (3)

In the venue, hundreds of contestants had already arrived early in the morning. They stayed in different places in the venue. They were either sitting or leaning against the wall to rest with their eyes closed. The atmosphere was solemn.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Most people didn’t care much when Eleven and the other pets entered. A small number of contestants looked over and observed…

“Hey, that black and white bear.” In the arena, a hairy-faced monkey in a battle suit leaning against the wall suddenly grinned and said, “Why does it look so familiar?”

“Are you Eleven? Your opponent in the first battle is Zavay from the Cosmic Crow Race?”

On the battle list, there was the profile picture of the identity certificate used by every contestant to register. Eleven’s profile picture was naturally on it.

“Huh? Yes.” Eleven looked over and spoke in the cute universal language. This was a skill where telepathy materialized into language through the mouth. The pets in Shi Yu’s team were already expert-level.

“Hehe, it’s true. You actually dare join after knowing who your opponent is??” The hairy-faced monkey grinned in disbelief.

After knowing that its opponent was Zavay, it actually came to participate. Wasn’t it afraid of being beaten to the verge of death? Healing cost money.

Wasn’t it better to give up the competition directly?

At this moment, as the fur-faced monkey spoke, the gazes of the entire venue concentrated on Eleven. A smile appeared on their faces. This unlucky guy.

The originally solemn atmosphere of the venue actually had a little joy for a moment. Although the subsequent competition schedule was tense, at least… they weren’t as unlucky as Eleven to come across the previous champion right from the start.

So be it, but it actually came to participate…

Interesting.

Buggy and the others, who entered with Eleven, also smiled. However, they were smiling because this group of people didn’t know Eleven’s strength.

This was the number one Panda King in the universe. How could it be defeated by some Cosmic Crow Race!

“Roar!!”

“Quack!!”

Soon, Little Ji and Duckie rushed over. Just as Shi Yu thought, they insta-killed their opponent with a deterrence. Seeing that Eleven had yet to leave, they heaved a sigh of relief.

…

Time passed little by little.

A group of people had long entered live-stream 2022, waiting to see the battle of Zavay.

After all, it was the strongest below the divine level in a hundred years. Its popularity was undoubtedly the highest.

Before long, the battle room 2022 opened.

The screen flashed, and a rock arena appeared. On the arena, the figures of the two parties slowly appeared.

On the left was a two-meter-tall Zavay in red, black wings, and a crow head and human body.

On the other side was Eleven, who was more than a meter tall and wasn’t wearing anything. It had a victory headband tied to its head.

“So strong.” Many people could sense Zavay’s bottomless and rich power after entering the second battlefield to watch the battle through the virtual glasses.

“I can feel that it has improved again. Its strength is increasing a little every year.” The human who had once won the championship 101 consecutive times and his contracted partner looked at Zavay solemnly.

His name was Ming Gu, and he was recognized as the strongest below Zavay.

In the past dozens of years, his goal had long changed from completing the champion challenge to defeating Zavay. It could be said that he was very concerned about Zavay’s every move.

Whoosh!

Countless people surged into the live-stream. Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, Dragon God, Gem Cat, Zi Lan, Phoenix Man, Director Sen, Star Refining Race’s Fanba, Green Dragon Gorka, Ice Kirin Bobo…

“As everyone can see, contestant Zavay and contestant Eleven have already logged onto the arena.”

Under the attention of countless people, a virtual little elf appeared in everyone’s vision. Everyone looked at the scene from its perspective.

This was a battle elf, a virtual mechanical intelligence life form. When the attention of a certain live-stream reached a certain standard, they would appear and explain the battle to everyone like a commentator to increase its popularity. Of course, if one didn’t want to see it, they could also choose to block it and watch the battle wholeheartedly.

However, after all, they were watching the battle from a space. Even if it was a divine-level expert, they couldn’t guarantee that they could see every detail of the battle clearly. The battle elf’s explanations could reduce a lot of doubts.

In this battle, everyone felt that the battle elf was dispensable. This was because no matter how they looked at it, just one move was needed to end the battle. The only ones who could make Zavay feel that it was a little troublesome were probably the monsters in the top five.

“Contestant Zavay has already won first place in the God Sealing Battle for 79 consecutive times. I believe its goal this year is the same as usual. As for its opponent, Eleven, it seems to be participating in the God Sealing Battle for the first time. I wonder what kind of sparks can be produced from the battle between them.”

“Please… look forward to it.” After the battle elf finished speaking, it floated to the side and zoomed in. Zavay and Eleven had already looked at each other.

Zavay stood on the spot indifferently, its eyes not caring about Eleven, its opponent.

It didn’t take Eleven seriously at all.

After entering the arena, a powerful mental intimidation began to spread from Zavay’s body…

Boom!

A terrifying mental deterrence… swept towards Eleven like a tsunami.

The ground cracked.

The sky cracked.

Wherever the intimidation swept, space and time seemed to have stopped!

On the other side, Eleven also looked at Zavay very calmly.

It could also sense Zavay’s powerful aura and couldn’t help but be satisfied from the bottom of its heart.

This was how it should be. The first place in the God Sealing Battle indeed lived up to its reputation. The opponent was very strong, and Eleven was very satisfied. However, Eleven didn’t like the opponent’s disdainful attitude.