Chapter 1454 - 1454 The First Battle (4)

1454 The First Battle (4)

Today… it would teach this guy how to be a crow!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The battle has started!”

“Before encountering an opponent really worth attacking, contestant Zavay has always used his deterrence to instantly kill the other party!”

“If you’re not strong enough, you’ll fall in front of contestant Zavay in an instant!!” the battle elf said.

It was over…

As Zavay erupted with incomparable deterrence, many spectators knew that the competition was over.

However…

Boom!

In the next moment, the deterrence wave swept across Eleven’s entire body, but Eleven stood on the spot without any effect. At the same time, its body erupted with a thunderous bang.

“Wait, it’s unharmed?”

The audience, who originally thought that this unknown black and white bear would be insta-killed by deterrence, was stunned when they saw how calm Eleven was under this terrifying deterrence.

On the other side, Zavay’s eyes also flashed before it was suddenly stunned.

Because it discovered that the opponent… didn’t do any protective measures and received the deterrence!

Under its gaze, Eleven took a step back with its right foot and made a punching posture with its right fist!!

“This is…”

The battle elf said, “Contestant Eleven relied on its physical strength to withstand Zavay’s deterrence… Then… it chose to punch directly in the air!”

Eleven directly punched out in the air with its physical strength.

Buzz!!

The air compressed and space distorted. Eleven’s punch, with its physical strength, directly formed a storm-like counterattack in the air, instantly scattering all the deterrence. With a crack, the deterrence shattered. The fist wind swept up a terrifying impact, directly lifting up the cracked rock ground at the speed of light, sweeping up gravel that filled the sky!!

“What skill is this!” Countless spectators exclaimed.

The conflict elf said, “A punch that hits the air with muscle power alone, this… isn’t a skill!”

Boom!!!

When the little elf’s voice sounded, the fist wind blew Zavay away from the spot in an instant. Its wings protected its body as it moved back dozens of meters. Its entire body seemed to have suffered a thousand cuts. Even the wind blade domain of the wind law didn’t feel so powerful…

The battlefield rumbled.

Zavay drew a deep crack on the ground before stopping.

When the storm dissipated, dense injuries had already appeared on Zavay’s body. Its entire wing was trembling. At this moment, the sky was instantly cloudless. Everyone was shocked by this scene.

“Who is this Eleven? What race is it from? Where did it come from!”

Eleven didn’t shock the audience after enduring Zavay’s deterrence, but seeing Eleven send Zavay flying with a punch in the air without even touching it, this had already exceeded everyone’s understanding.

“This… This power, how is this possible? Its physique is even more terrifying.” Fanba of the Star Refining Race, Ice Kirin Bobo, and these lives who had fought Eleven were also shocked when they saw this scene.

From proficiency to expert+11, the 13 additional points added to the Battle God Body undoubtedly brought a qualitative leap to Eleven!

At the same time, when multiple top-notch quasi-divine skills were maxed out, the energy increase brought by them also turned into an increase in physique due to the nature of the Battle God Body.

This was already an extremely heaven-defying physique.

Even a cosmic behemoth was only so-so.

However, many people were only slightly shocked. They didn’t feel that the scales of victory would tilt because of this.

Because Zavay didn’t even use one-tenth of his strength. Countless people only felt that the first conflict contestant Zavay encountered might not be as weak as they imagined.

“You, not bad.” At this moment, Zavay spread its wings, and its red crow eyes flickered, as if it valued Eleven a little.

“Can you be more serious? I don’t want you to lose for no reason.” After Eleven punched out, it recovered its image as a good baby and looked at Zavay seriously.

Boom!

As Eleven finished speaking, in an instant, it triggered a vibration even stronger than its punch in the various realms. Countless onlookers widened their eyes and wondered if they had heard wrongly.

What was this guy saying?

Was it crazy?

It said… it didn’t want Zavay to lose for no reason?

Not to mention an unknown figure saying this, even that guy that had won 101 consecutive championships didn’t dare say such big words in front of Zavay.

“This guy is too arrogant,” Ming Gu said with gritted teeth.

Didn’t it hear of Zavay?

Underestimating Zavay was underestimating him, Ming Gu!

“Is that so?” But at this moment, in the face of Eleven’s words, Zavay didn’t react. It was still calm. Its body slowly floated up, and its arm was raised high above its head. In its palm, a five-colored light ball of gold, green, blue, red, and brown began to condense, compress, and spin… It was like a five-colored star.

Every light flowed with nomological ripples. It was unbelievable.

Every time they saw this scene, many spectators still felt that it was ridiculous.

“Zavay has mastered the prototype of the five major laws of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, and can freely fuse them. Not to mention the quasi-divine skill stage, even at the divine skill stage, there are very few who can fuse the five stats laws. Is the talent of the Cosmic Crow Race really so powerful?”

“In the past, when this move was used, it was a sure-kill. The frightening destructive power of the fusion of the five elements will even immediately defeat primary-level gods!”

“And the most frightening thing is that Zavay’s skills will never be wasted.”

“In the face of Zavay, who controls the power of time, any opponent is a doll that can be controlled by it. Eleven hasn’t realized how frightening its opponent is at all.”