Chapter 1452 - 1452 The First Battle (2)

1452 The First Battle (2)

At the same time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the same central realm, Zavay itself, who was at the core of the discussion, was a cosmic life form with a human body, crow head, and crow wings. It didn’t even pay attention to who its opponent was. Its entire body emitted an invincible aura as it meditated calmly and waited for tomorrow’s competition.

It didn’t care who the opponent was.

Because it was the strongest.

…

After the name list of the God Sealing Battle was out, the various major realms were lively. The level of attention to such a global battle was naturally extremely high.

Soon, countless people successfully welcomed the arrival of the next day with anticipation.

The next morning.

“How is it?”

“Do you really not need me to attack with you?” Shi Yu asked again.

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven nodded. It could do it, it would definitely win.

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled. He originally wanted to go up and fuse and replicate the skill, but forget it, it was the same to find an opportunity to replicate it after the competition.

His skill slots were limited now. With Zavay’s pile of top-notch skills, his skill slots weren’t enough at all.

If he replicated Zavay’s skills, he couldn’t replicate others.

Shi Yu planned to let his pets go up and fight, while he himself would be below. He would pay attention to who had top-notch skills in all aspects and compare the goods. Then, he would visit them one by one after the God Sealing Battle ended.

“Shi Yu… How’s your preparations?” On the day of the competition, when Shi Yu and the others planned to go out to the God Sealing Battle competition area, Lin Feng was already guarding the door.

He had already rushed over to look for Shi Yu last night, but seeing that Shi Yu was confidently massaging Eleven’s body and adjusting its state, he didn’t stay long…

“Today is Eleven’s God Sealing Battle!” Shi Yu’s words had two meanings.

“Wuu!!” Eleven was wearing a victory scarf and was full of fighting intent.

“Roar~” In Shi Yu’s group, Buggy and the others also congratulated this panda.

Seeing this, Lin Feng smiled. Alright, alright, then it would depend on Eleven’s performance.

…

There were battle facilities in the 251 districts of World King City that could be used as teleportation points for the God Sealing Battle.

Eleven and the others were pretty lucky. Because they registered consecutively, they were all assigned to a battle facility. They all logged into the second world from the teleportation point of the battle facility 203 to participate in the God Sealing Battle.

“Wuu~” Eleven was like a big brother as it walked at the front. When it looked up, it could see the silver battle symbol of the battle facility shining under the sun.

The panda led the way, the worm crawled on the ground, the Starry Sky Slime jumped about,and the mini warship followed behind. The ginseng baby wore a researcher suit, and the beautiful sword maiden was dressed in black. The ferocious dragon, the blindfolded duck, the four-headed turtle snake, and the short-legged cat were all present. All of them were full of evil fighting intent.

Shi Yu held his cell phone and walked at the end like a passer-by who didn’t know them. Due to time problems, he intended to only pay attention to Eleven’s combat live broadcast.

“I must enter the top 500,000 of this year’s God Sealing Battle!!!”

Outside the combat facility, a young man riding a dragon landed and made a great wish.

“If you can withstand one round, you’ll be considered to have succeeded!” A cat-headed person also walked into the battle facility resolutely. It looked like it was the only one without a contracted partner.

“If you can’t enter the top 1 million this year, don’t come back! I don’t have such a useless son!” There were even divine-level experts who sent their descendants over the whole time and gave them a strict warning.

“Dad… Don’t worry, at least the first round is stable. I matched with a strange-colored slime. It’s a newbie.”

…

“How lively,” Shi Yu muttered to himself after following Eleven and the others in.

At this moment, the combat facilities were filled with contestants and staff. The God Sealing Battle wasn’t a traditional competition. It was held online the whole time and there were no audience seats. The contestants came from various realms and could only watch through the online live-stream.

However, as long as one was willing to spend money, they could buy a relatively high-level spectator device. During the live broadcast, they could enter the God Sealing Battlefield of the second world with their consciousness and watch the battle with their own eyes.

This made Shi Yu unable to help but sigh. Big places really knew how to play.

“Roar!! (I’ll go prepare first.)”

“Quack!! (Me too.)” After entering the battle facility, Little Ji and Duckie asked for instructions and hurried to a teleportation venue with the contestant card.

The competitions of different contestants were carried out at different times. For example, Little Ji and Duckie started the tournament at 7:00, Eleven started the competition at 7:10, and Shi Yu’s other pets’ time was even later.

In order to not delay watching Eleven’s competition, Little Ji and Duckie ran to the battle at lightning speed, wanting to defeat the opponent in 10 minutes and come out.

Shi Yu didn’t pay attention to their battle. It wasn’t that he didn’t care about Little Ji and Duckie, but the historical ranking of their opponents in the God Sealing Battle was in the millions.

Not long after arriving at the World King Planet, after Little Ji first merged with the World Annihilation Dragon Pearl, its strength was enough to suppress the top 10,000 contestants of the God Sealing Battle. And now, after comprehensive fusion, additional points, and cultivation, facing an opponent in the millionth place, to be honest, it only needed one deterrence!

A deterrence that merged with the Destruction Will was enough to crush the other party’s spirit and make the other party submit to the power of an overlord.

Duckie was about the same. After fusing with the Eye of the Evil God, it only needed a deterrence that swept up its terrifying and deep abyssal evil thoughts to scare weak opponents into peeing their pants.

There was really no need to pay attention to such battles. Shi Yu believed in his pets!

Therefore, after letting Little Ji and Duckie go, Shi Yu and the others followed Eleven to the venue where it had to teleport.

The venue was very large. There were a total of 10 teleportation arrays, each guarded by a staff member who had reached the divine level. Although they were all junior gods, if any conflict was discovered at the scene, so many divine-level staff members were enough to suppress it.