Chapter 1450 - 1450 Beginning Of The God Sealing Battle (4)

1450 Beginning of the God Sealing Battle (4)

Senior Sun suddenly fell silent and said, “Really?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He was suddenly tempted. He knew Lin Feng’s ability. Although that super divine resource was precious, he couldn’t use it. On the contrary, Lin Feng’s evolution deduction was very useful to his daughter.

Just now, he was actually very humble. Not to mention the top 10,000, even if it was the top 1,000, his daughter could easily reach the top 100. Perhaps Lin Feng didn’t know what contracted divine beast he had found for his daughter.

“Yeah.” Lin Feng nodded.

“Well…” When Shi Yu saw that Lin Feng was betting on him, the corners of his mouth couldn’t help but twitch. If there was no share, he wouldn’t do it. What super divine resource could make Senior Lin Feng so concerned… Was he betting on it for him?

“Good daughter, are you confident?” Senior Sun looked at his daughter. This… was a very big bet!!

“Yes.” The girl nodded expressionlessly.

“Hahaha, drink,” Lin Feng laughed heartily and said.

“Drink, drink, drink. Speaking of which, kid, what’s your background? Lin Feng dared to place such a big bet on you and deduce a top-notch divine race evolution path. Wouldn’t we drain him dry and make him weak for decades?” Senior Sun looked at Shi Yu deeply.

“What background can he have? He’s just a little guy from Wang Kong’s mother planet. He’s not worth mentioning.” At this moment, Lin Feng didn’t dare let Senior Sun ask blindly, afraid that he wouldn’t bet anymore.

Shi Yu just had to shut up now.

Shi Yu was speechless.

That night, Shi Yu ate very well. One way or another, the meat was better than the Cultivation Fruit.

…

A storm brewed in the central realm.

Many geniuses of various realms had come here and didn’t choose to participate in the God Sealing Battle in their hometowns.

Because just the atmosphere of participation was completely different.

Time quickly passed and it was soon the night before the God Sealing Battle began.

The spectators from the various realms of the World King Planet who were paying attention to the God Sealing Battle began to pay attention to the official website of the God Sealing Battle.

As of the end of the registration, a total of 83,886,09 people had signed up for this year’s God Sealing Battle.

It was considered one of the few batches of applicants in recent years.

The reason why the God Sealing Battle received so much attention was that every subsequent God Sealing Battle would be broadcast live on the official website of the God Sealing Battle in the form of different live-streams.

Tonight, more than four million battle lists would be randomly matched.

The rules of the God Sealing Battle were a very simple elimination battle. In a two-on-one battle, the loser would be eliminated, and the winner would advance.

In the initial four million live-streams, it was naturally impossible for passers-by to pay attention to every battle.

What the audience wanted to see was basically the battle process of relatives and friends they knew, or experts who had obtained outstanding results in the previous batch.

“The number of registrations is singular. Perhaps Shi Yu will be the lucky one to advance without a battle.”

In the Floating Realm, the gem cat girl had also returned to the World King Planet. At this moment, she was paying attention to the God Sealing Battle with Senior Dragon God.

The Dragon God didn’t choose to register for this God Sealing Battle. She felt that with her current strength, she wouldn’t have good results and planned to cultivate for a few more years.

Even if she knew that a bunch of demigods on Blue Planet had already successfully upgraded, she wasn’t in a hurry to break through.

“I hope so.” The Dragon God smiled. Wind of Blessing? Could it be that this skill could really make Shi Yu so lucky?

Not only the gem cat and the Dragon God, but many people were also curious about who would be so lucky to advance without a battle.

Soon, it was time for the battle list to be announced!

Swoosh!

The official website interface refreshed, and a dense list of countless pages directly refreshed. The quality of the server was super strong.

At this time, naturally, no one would look at them one by one. They were all good at using the search function.

“F*ck.” In the Floating Realm, the gem cat, who was paying attention to the candidates, was directly stunned.

“Ling???”

The lucky one who advanced without a battle was surprisingly Ling from the Floating Realm. For a moment, the Dragon God was also slightly silent. This little cat was really right?

Out of more than eight million contestants, it was the lucky one who advanced directly without competing. What kind of luck was this?

“I knew it!” the gem cat said.

“Wait, why isn’t it Shi Yu, but Ling??” The gem cat was puzzled. “Wait a minute, why did Ling register alone?? What’s going on?”

In the central realm.

In a luxurious room.

“Holy shit, Ling advanced.” Shi Yu and the others also surrounded him and looked at the situation of the randomly matched opponents.

The matching of the God Sealing Battle depended on luck.

As long as single was unlucky, the initial and second places of the previous batch might be matched in the first round and one would be eliminated.

It wasn’t like this had never happened before.

Therefore, every pet took the next opponent very seriously.

After all, the frequency of the early stages of the competition was quite high. If they encountered a strong enemy correct from the start, even if they won, it wasn’t easy for them to recover their state, and they might lose the next round.

Of course, in order to avoid this situation, Shi Yu and the others had prepared a lot of supplements in advance. The Space Emperor and Lin Feng too provided a lot.

“I actually advanced without a fight. Boring. I still want to fight.” Seeing this, the image of the ship girl on the mini battleship, Ling, revealed a dissatisfied expression.

Chi Tong, Susu, and the others looked at Ling and curled their lips.

Shouldn’t Ling be happy that it was the lucky one?

“Forget about Ling. Hurry up and investigate who your opponents are and if there are any strong enemies,” Shi Yu said.

If they matched the contestants who had participated in the God Sealing Battle previously, they could see the other party’s historical results.

“Ji.”

“Yi!!”

“Ning!”

Soon, the pets shouted and complained.

Weak, too weak.

The opponents they matched had historical battle results, but none of them were high.

They were all above the 1 millionth rank.

Without thinking, they might be able to insta-kill the other party with a casual move.

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Duckie, Little Ji, Turtle, Little Quas, Shorty, and the others had bored expressions.

“It’s normal. It’s only the first battle,” Shi Yu said. “Where’s Eleven?”

At this moment, only Eleven didn’t say anything.

At that moment, Eleven hugged his laptop with a complicated expression and couldn’t help but smile.

“Wu wu wu.”

Seeing Eleven’s strange expression, everyone leaned over.

Some too took their computers and searched for Eleven’s opponent.

This seek directly made Shi Yu’s entire team fall silent.

Even when it was revealed that Ling was the lucky single to advance, the entire team had never been so silent. This was because Ling’s good luck was obvious to everyone.

But Eleven… wasn’t it a little too f*cking ridiculous?

Battle Number: 2022, Battle List: [Zavay] vs [Eleven]!

Eleven’s initial opponent… was Zavay of the Cosmic Crow Race, who held the first place title of the God Sealing Battle for 79 consecutive times! Right from the start, Eleven encountered the previous reigning champion!