Chapter 1455 - 1455 The First Battle (5)

1455 The First Battle (5)

“Eleven is in danger… However, if its physical strength is really that strong, perhaps there’s still a chance of survival. It won’t die. It can only blame itself for saying such big words just now.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the Floating Realm, the gem cat also revealed a serious expression. The other party’s talent for controlling multi-element energy was simply unique. Although she could control nine-element energy balls, she only controlled combinations separately. And this guy actually fused five nomological energies together…

As countless people muttered in their hearts, Zavay’s arm landed, and the five-element light balls also landed. Under the powerful energy pressure, the entire venue instantly collapsed.

Boom!

Just as Eleven stepped on the arena and was about to leap up, a gray domain directly enveloped the entire place. In everyone’s vision, time seemed to have stopped. Apart from Zavay and the five-element light balls still moving, Eleven’s figure seemed to have been fixed there.

Time Stop Domain!

Under everyone’s focused gaze, the five-element light ball instantly fell. The light that pierced through space enlarged infinitely in everyone’s vision, almost destroying everything and blasting out a bottomless abyss thousands of meters in diameter!!

Boom!!!

In the abyss, light pollution continued to spread, forming a five-colored energy storm that spread in all directions in a shocking manner.

In the sky, Zavay looked at the destroyed arena with a calm expression.

But soon, its expression froze. For the first time, its expression changed. Zavay wasn’t the only one. The expressions of these spectators, who had yet to recover from their shock, also changed.

“Ying…” This was because, in the huge abyss hole, a small figure slowly flew up. Although the injuries on its body looked extremely miserable, there was no ripple in its eyes. Soon, it flew to the same height as Zavay.

At this moment, countless spectators opened their mouths wide. This was because in the dozens of God Sealing Battles, there were very few contestants who could resist Zavay’s attack head-on and still move normally.

Even the intermediate god of the champion challenge would be injured if it took this attack head-on.

Eleven actually took it!!

“It took it, it took it!” The battle elf was also very surprised.

What was wrong with this guy?

“What’s wrong with this guy!!” With Ming Gu as the lead, many spectators voiced their shock and found it unbelievable.

“Wuu! (Again!)” Eleven looked at Zavay with high battle intent. When its Battle God Body was injured, it would transform into physique and life force. The more heavily injured it was, the stronger its battle power.

At the moment, it wasn’t the peak state Eleven was looking forward to.

“You should have fallen directly.”

Zavay’s expression was unfriendly, feeling that it had been underestimated.

It spread its wings, and a white domain enveloped its entire body, accelerating the release of its skills. In an instant, a five-element energy ball emerged behind it, two, three, four, five… There were a total of five such energy balls.

With a flap of its wings, the attack instantly arrived. Eleven flew in the sky like that, ignoring whether the other party had triggered any Time Stop Domain.

Right on the heels of that, an attack that shocked many people struck on Eleven. After a world-destroying boom, countless people’s hearts thumped as they opened their eyes in disbelief. They looked at the figure that was still flying in midair like a battle god and couldn’t imagine it.

Eleven… hadn’t fallen yet!

“Wuu!!!” Eleven roared happily. Its shocking battle intent materialized into lightning, making Zavay, who was opposite it, reveal a shocked expression.

“What’s wrong with this guy’s physique?” Zavay had once fought a real cosmic behemoth. It felt that Eleven’s physique was already comparable to a cosmic behemoth!!

“Yi… (Next, it’s my turn to counterattack.)” Eleven felt that its physique had been strengthened to the point where it could erupt with full power with One Thought of God and Demon and clenched its fists.

Bang!!

Accompanied by a thunderclap, a white lightning flashed in Eleven’s black eyes, turning into a white Thunder Armor wrapped around its entire body!

One Thought of God and Demon, Thunder God Armor!

Using the power of the lightning law to stimulate his body even stronger, it descended into a state that was almost self-mutilating. Even its reaction consciousness began to circulate at a high frequency!!

“Roar!!!” Under Eleven’s roar, the audience, who was already shocked, was stunned again. They saw that the current Eleven’s aura agitated the sky and earth, erupting to the point where even gods had to retreat when they saw it. With a boom, the sky seemed to have sensed Eleven’s power. White lightning arcs began to appear in the entire world and dispersed in nature.

Originally…

Eleven’s physique had already reached an extremely unbelievable level.

And now, the cover of the Thunder God Armor made its physical strength enter an even more brutal, explosive state.

“Time… Reversal!”

After its opponent entered an explosive state, Zavay’s expression changed slightly. It sensed a threat that wasn’t inferior to Ming Gu.

It let out a low cry, and the power of time in its body dispersed again. Apart from using Time Reversal, all the consumption produced just now… was completely recovered!

The state of its body almost went back to when it had just entered the battlefield and started the battle.

After all, the consumption of using Time Reversal was far smaller than the combo just now.

Seeing this scene, the audience once again felt that the time element was ridiculously powerful. They felt that it was impossible for Zavay to lose.