Chapter 1458 - 1458 The First Battle (8)

1458 The First Battle (8)

The time mark had already been obliterated. He couldn’t really kill this guy, right?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It looked at Zavay, who had completely lost the ability to resist and had fallen into the huge pit.

One way or another, this friend was still worth making.

The battle elf was also a little stunned at this moment. It couldn’t believe that the previous champion, Zavay, who had won 79 championships in a row, was eliminated in the first battle… Its ranking was now in the millionth!!

It suddenly looked at Eleven, the harmless Panda Eleven, on behalf of all the spectators.

Who exactly was this guy? Who exactly was he?

At this moment, all the spectators’ curiosity about Eleven reached the extreme. This guy was too terrifying.

[Ground 2022, winner: Eleven!]

Before everyone could react, a light figure popped up in front of their vision. Then, right on the heels of that, the live broadcast ended.

At this moment, countless people suddenly pulled off the spectator device and revealed shocked gazes. The championship of Zavay for 79 consecutive years was broken??

Moreover, it was broken in the first round??

Be it first-level realms, second-level realms, or third-level realms, as long as they could pay attention to the God Sealing Battle, they were all shocked. Those who didn’t pay much attention to the God Sealing Battle were also instantly informed of this news.

Even if Zavay obtained first place again, it wouldn’t cause such a huge commotion. However, Zavay was defeated by a nobody. This was simply… unbelievable!

It was completely worthy of today’s headlines on World King Planet.

…

In the Heavenly Demon Domain, the Fallen Angel Prince, who was also from Blue Planet like Shi Yu, had actually been paying attention to the God Sealing Battle. It didn’t participate, but it noticed the traces of Shi Yu’s participation.

Initially, it was gloating when it saw Eleven facing Zavay. Now that it saw Zavay being crushed by Eleven the whole time, for a moment, it couldn’t accept this ridiculous situation at all. It couldn’t believe that this was a guy who had come to World King Planet from Blue Planet like it.

No matter how terrifying this guy’s talent was, it actually beat up the current number one quasi-divine in the universe without the strengthening of a Beast Tamer?? What a joke!!

It was fine if it was the Blue Planet World Tournament, but why was it also so impressive in the cosmic God Sealing Battle…

The Fallen Angel Prince, who originally thought that it had improved greatly, revealed a crazy expression. It had never returned to Blue Planet and didn’t know that Blue Planet had been wreaked by the worms and then resolved by Shi Yu. Otherwise, it would be even crazier now…

In the time realm, at the headquarters of the Cosmic Crow Race.

The Cosmic Crow Race was a race with very few people. Zavay was the greatest hope of this generation.

On the Cosmic Crow Race’s side, no one from the real Cosmic Crow Race paid attention to Zavay’s performance in the God Sealing Battle at all. They felt that there was no need to pay attention. With Zavay’s strength, it wouldn’t lose at all.

“Master, Master…” The clansmen didn’t pay attention, but there was still a servant in charge of recording the battle situation who paid attention. At this moment, this servant ran over to the master in shock, which was the location of the father of Zavay.

“What happened? You’re so panicked.”

Zavay’s father frowned when he saw the servant in such a sorry state.

“Master, bad news. Young Master Zavay… was defeated in the first round of the God Sealing Battle!”

“The one who defeated it was a newbie who had just participated in the battle. Its ranking of all races isn’t even in the top 100!”

The head of the Cosmic Crow Race was stunned before revealing an disbelieving expression.

“Bullshit!!”

…

Shocking news of the God Sealing Battle!!

Zavay, the winner of the 79th consecutive championship, was knocked out in the first battle!!

In the central realm, after Eleven came out of the teleportation point covered in injuries, it saw a strange scene.

In this battle hall, the staff and contestants who were preparing for battle widened their lantern-sized eyes and gazed at it in shock.

“Congratulations.” Of course, there were also people who congratulated it relatively calmly. Who else could it be but Shi Yu? Shi Yu smiled in relief. Well done.

“It was so slow. As expected, it still used a millstone. I thought it would revive twice and you would kill it twice,” Buggy said.

“So convenient… If it were me, I would probably only be able to defeat it by killing it twice.” Chi Tong gazed at the fire-patterned black sword in front of it and said emotionlessly, its body filled with death aura.

Baby Ginseng felt hostility and felt a chill.

“That’s too violent. Just let its power of time and Time Mark disappear peacefully,” Susu said. As a clean freak, it couldn’t bear to see such a bloody battle.

The people in this arena were originally just short of kneeling to watch the live broadcast and Eleven. At this moment, when they heard the conversation coming from all directions, they were directly stunned and felt that their brains weren’t enough.

Wait a minute, what was going on? Were they stunned by the fight just now?

Why did it feel like they couldn’t comprehend what was going on in this world? What were these guys talking about just now??

…