Chapter 1451 - 1451 First Battle (1)

1451 First Battle (1)

After Shi Yu and the others arrived at the World King Planet and paid attention to the God Sealing Battle, the first name they knew was Zavay.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Because its battle results were too dazzling.

Before Zavay participated in the God Sealing Battle, there was a monster combination that won the God Sealing Battle 101 time in a row. No one could defeat it.

Until this Zavay of the Cosmic Crow Race participated and the 101st streak ended!

Then, it was the era of Zavay’s rule over the God Sealing Battle for 79 consecutive years.

The previous champion participated again and could only stay in second place.

People gave a description for this genius from the Cosmic Crow Race, who was ranked 30th among the myriad of races in the starry sky.

[The strongest below the divine level in a century.]

A monster with 15 quasi-divine skills, including five time-element quasi-divine skills, was indeed worthy of this title.

It was said that Zavay could have broken through to the divine level a century ago. The reason he suppressed his level and didn’t break through was to defeat that intermediate god at the demigod level and take away the reward.

Of course, monsters like Zavay, after obtaining first place in so many God Sealing Battles, still couldn’t pass the additional challenge after winning the God Sealing Battle and defeating the intermediate god guarding the reward. It was obvious how difficult it was to obtain the final reward.

Eleven’s first opponent was actually it.

Out of more than eight million demigod contestants, Eleven was matched with this guy at once…

“Oh my God…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but hold his forehead. What kind of luck was this?

“Wu wu wu, wu wu wu!!” However, Eleven was very excited.

The other pets were shocked, not because they sympathized with Eleven, but because they were green with envy!

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng was extremely dissatisfied. Why, why did Eleven match Zavay?

Zavay was clearly the opponent it wanted to defeat.

“Ji!!” Buggy and the others had uncomfortable expressions. How glorious would it be to defeat the previous first place? Why weren’t they the ones matched with Zavay?

Why Eleven…

“This luck… If it were other contestants, they would be considered very unlucky. Fortunately, we have the strength. Otherwise, I would really suspect that Ling sucked away Eleven’s luck.” Shi Yu looked at the battle list and couldn’t help but smile.

Alright, so be it.

Eleven’s current quasi-divine skills were inferior to the other party, but their quality had all exceeded that of Zavay’s. Moreover, Shi Yu had seen Zavay’s battle video. Although he wasn’t too sure, he felt that Eleven shouldn’t lose.

Moreover, its skills countered the other party in a certain way.

Even if he didn’t support Eleven, the chances of winning were very high.

…

At this moment.

Shi Yu and the others weren’t the only ones who discovered [Eleven] vs [Zavay].

Lin Feng and the Space Emperor, who were more concerned about Shi Yu, also found the details of the battle on their side. The corners of their mouths couldn’t help but twitch.

They knew Shi Yu’s registration mode. Eleven and the others’ identification and strength certificates were even issued by the Space Emperor, so the two of them went straight to the point and searched for the names of Shi Yu’s pets. This search…

“This unlucky child,” they couldn’t help but say. It was unknown if they were talking about Eleven or Zavay.

Not only them, but many people also paid attention to Shi Yu and Eleven.

For example, in the Blue Wave World, Director Sen of the Myriad Races Committee hadn’t seen Eleven participate in the Myriad Race Ranking Battle for a long time. Apart from paying attention to the God Sealing Battle, he couldn’t help but search for Eleven to see if it participated.

After searching, Director Sen was also stunned.

“Zavay?”

At the same time, Fanba of the Star Refining Race, who had been beaten up by Eleven in the ranking battle of all races, was also stunned. It also knew that Eleven would participate in the God Sealing Battle. After this search, it was directly silenced by Eleven’s unlucky state.

“I’ve finally refined a new arms. I originally wanted to compete with you to see whose ranking in the God Sealing Battle is higher, but…” The purple-skinned holey person shook its head.

No matter how strong Eleven was, it didn’t think that Eleven could defeat a monster like Zavay.

Not to mention the 10 five-element divine skills that could be combined, just the five time quasi-divine skills, Time Acceleration, Time Deceleration, Time Stop, Time Reversal, and Time Mark… could play a bunch of opponents to death.

Eleven was going to be given away for nothing.

Perhaps not many people knew Eleven, but as the champion of 79 consecutive championships, the attention on Zavay was undoubtedly off the charts.

A bunch of spectators started searching to see who was so fortunate to have faced Zavay in the first round.

“Eleven? I’ve never heard of it.”

“There’s no participation record. It’s a pure newbie.”

“How unlucky. The first time it participated in the God Sealing Battle, it encountered Zavay. How is it supposed to play this? Haha.”

Dong Xuan Region.

“Why can’t I find Shi Yu?” The Ice Kirin Race’s Bobo, who had been defeated by Eleven above its level, later learned that Eleven was the pet of Blue Planet’s genius, Shi Yu.

It felt that Shi Yu would definitely participate in this God Sealing Battle, so it searched. However, it couldn’t find Shi Yu’s name. It took a step back and searched for Shi Yu’s pet, Eleven. Then…

It also looked at the words [Eleven] vs [Zavay] in silence.

“Who’s this Eleven? Why is it so fortunate to have encountered Zavay?” Zi Lan, Phoenix Man, and the others, who had come to the Dong Xuan Region to register for the God Sealing Battle, didn’t pay much interest to Shi Yu at first. They were all paying attention to the opponents they matched.

However, when the others on the discussion board discussed how the fortunate guy had faced Zavay in the first round, they were slightly stunned when they saw the recognizable name “Eleven”. Their faces darkened.

Why was it so familiar? Was Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast called Eleven…