Chapter 1459 - 1459 Reaction Of All Parties (1)

1459 Reaction of All Parties (1)

After fighting Zavay, Shi Yu and Eleven went home.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven was heavily injured and had consumed a lot of energy. It definitely had to go back with Shi Yu to nourish itself.

As for the other pets, they continued to wait for the competition.

In any case, the opponent wasn’t strong, so there was no need for additional attention.

They were no longer children and could take care of themselves.

Of course, Shi Yu and Eleven returned, but the commotion after Eleven’s battle didn’t stop.

“Who exactly is Eleven, who defeated Zavay?”

“Which realm is it from?”

“What race is it?”

“Why haven’t I heard of it before?”

Around this topic, regardless of level, the various realms joined in the discussion.

Zavay of the Cosmic Crow Race, the strongest quasi-divine in a hundred years.

If the timeline was stretched, there would definitely be a quasi-divine stronger than it. After all, the race ranking of the Cosmic Crow Race was only 30th among the myriad races in the starry sky.

The quasi-divines born in the top 30 and even the top 10 were definitely even more monstrous.

But the problem was that the top races of the cosmic races were all familiar races. There were no such black and white bears.

“I… I know it!”

Even if Eleven was unknown previously, with such popularity, there would always be people who had seen it and knew it.

The first person to stand out was called Fang Qin. She came from the Blue Wave World and was an ordinary staff member of the Myriad Race Ranking Battle facility. She was in charge of the registration of the Myriad Race Ranking Battle.

Fang Qin said, “It… Its race is the Iron-eating Beast, a new registered race. It should be five years old this year. It came from the Floating Realm and participated in the ranking battle of all races. I even helped it register its initial information.”

Soon, her words were pushed to the trending list.

It wasn’t because this was Eleven’s real information, but because this information was too ridiculous. It was splashed on the trending list of the God Sealing Battle forum.

“Bullshit!!!” The second place, Ming Gu of the God Sealing Battle, cursed when he saw this rumor.

All kinds of bullshit really emerged just to get attention. Five years old? Why didn’t they say Eleven came from heaven?

Fang Qin quickly deleted this “rumor”. She felt a sense of regret for being rash. This had already violated the rules and regulations.

However, as an employee of the Myriad Races Committee, many nosy people still verified the information she released from the Myriad Races Committee.

The president of the Blue Wave Myriad Race Committee found Fang Qin and criticized her fiercely.

At the headquarters of the Myriad Races Committee, the minister of the resource management department of the new star race, Di Yin of the Star Race, a cosmic life form with a human body and the head of a planet was working calmly.

At this moment, an assistant rushed in and said, “Minister Di Yin, our phone has exploded…”

“There’s news on the Internet that the first place in the God Sealing Battle, the Cosmic Crow Zavay, was defeated by a five-year-old Iron-eating Beast Race. Moreover, this Iron-eating Beast Race was registered with the Myriad Race Committee.”

“Now, many people are calling the customer service to ask if this race and age are real…”

Minister Di Yin frowned and said, “Why are all the ridiculous rumors looking for us… You have to report this to me?”

The assistant said, “Minister, this might not be a rumor… Zavay was really defeated in the first round. You’ll know when you see the news. Moreover, I just investigated. The one who defeated it was really the five-year-old Iron-eating Beast Race. We have a record of it!”

“Have you forgotten? A few months ago, a four-year-old contestant completed a battle above his level. You even named it to participate in the New Star Race Support Plan, but later on, it didn’t continue to participate, so we didn’t pay much attention.”

“It’s it, it’s it, it’s it. It’s the one who defeated Zavay, so… shouldn’t we reply to these calls?”

Minister Di Yin: “?”

“Huh??” Minister Di Yin suddenly got up and was stunned. What did he say?

He still didn’t believe it and turned to control the computer to verify it. Then… he was stunned.

Minister Di Yin opened his mouth wide and said, “What are you dawdling for! Hurry up and go!!! A race that participated in the New Star Support Plan defeated the Cosmic Crow Race. Isn’t this a free performance!! Although… we haven’t supported the other party in anything, don’t care about these details.”

“Resources later! Promote it fiercely first!!”

Soon, some information about Eleven, who had defeated Zavay, spread.

[Myriad Race Committee Official]: Not long ago, regarding contestant Eleven defeating contestant Zavay in the God Sealing Battle, a widely regarded rumor appeared on the Internet. It was said that contestant Eleven had registered for the Myriad Race Ranking Battle and was only five years old. His race is the Iron-eating Beast Race. Here, our Myriad Race Committee solemnly refutes the rumor. This isn’t a rumor. The Iron-eating Beast Race that contestant Eleven belongs to is a member of the New Star Support Plan of the Myriad Race Committee. It’s a target we’re concentrated on nurturing… The announcement is true.

“Pfft…”

At the headquarters of the Cosmic Crow Race.

After Zavay’s father confirmed that Zavay was fine, it had been asking about who this Eleven was until the officials of the Myriad Races Committee came out to speak.

Apart from a group of nonsense, people could roughly summarize some useful information from it… Name, Eleven, age, five years old, race, Iron-eating Beast…

“Five years old! This guy is f*cking five years old?!!!” Zavay’s father had already seen the battle video and seen its son being beaten up and its 79 consecutive championships ended. Now, the Myriad Races Committee was telling it that Eleven, who had tormented its son who was more than 100 years old, was only five years old??

Haha!

What a joke!

“I don’t believe it, I don’t believe it…” The second place, Ming Gu of the God Sealing Battle, was directly shocked when he saw the announcement of refutation again. Like him, there was also a cluster of competitors of the God Sealing Battle who were stunned.