Chapter 1456 - 1456 The First Battle (6)

1456 The First Battle (6)

Time Reversal could allow Zavay to return to his peak state at any time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Time Mark had the chance to revive Zavay twice and return him to his peak state.

It was impossible for Zavay to be defeated by someone of the same level!

However…

“Is it that simple?” In the Dong Xuan Realm, the Ice Kirin muttered. It felt like Eleven was extremely ridiculous. It had seen Eleven erupt with all its might, but the feeling Eleven gave it just now was that it wasn’t inferior to the full-strength state when fighting it just now.

How long had it been? It had actually progressed so much?

If the current Eleven erupted with all its might, how powerful would it be?

The Ice Kirin couldn’t imagine it.

There was no need to imagine it, because immediately, under everyone’s gaze, Eleven’s eruption continued without stopping!

The eruption that made Zavay come back to its peak state as if it was facing a great enemy was only Eleven’s initial eruption!

The eruption wasn’t over!

With another bang, black lightning erupted from Eleven’s body.

In the sky, Eleven clenched its fists. With two loud bangs, white lightning wrapped around its body, and black lightning flowed. Under the interweaving impact of the power of lightning, a powerful and mysterious power that wasn’t inferior to the power of a god appeared like a miracle!!

“Roar!!!!!”

Eleven roared again. The shocking roar made everyone widen their eyes and reveal astonished expressions.

One Thought of God and Demon, Demon God Body!

It was a move that increased the strength of the body to the limit through the power of Dark Thunder.

The Thunder God Armor combined with the power of Light Thunder was a complete version of the Demon God’s Thought!

Unlike the initial Demon God’s Thought, Eleven still mastered the Light Control and Dark Control quasi-divine skills in a perfect state, making the power that its Demon God’s Thought could erupt with even more terrifying.

In an instant, the black and white electric arcs that filled the sky seemed to have become Eleven’s hair. They kept floating, making Eleven look like a thunder god walking out of the chaos of the lightning sea. At this moment, a god-like power completely surged from its body, shaking the sky and earth, reversing the universe, and sweeping across. It even made the wings of the Cosmic Crow Zavay, who had just recovered to its peak state, tremble.

“Wuu… (Come on…)” As Eleven called out, its body showed signs of attacking, making Zavay quickly activate the Time Stop Domain and the Time Deceleration Domain… The two time domains spread and enveloped Eleven!!

However, in the gray domain, Eleven, who was opposite him, seemed to be unaffected. Black and white lightning flashed on its body, and it still maintained a high speed as it instantly arrived in front of Zavay.

Bang, bang, bang, bang!!

During this process, the time domain trembled. The time that was exceeded seemed to wail and enter the Demon God’s Thought. However, under the stimulation of the power of light, darkness, and lightning, it could break through the restrictions of the brain and obtain extremely strong attacks, defense, speed, immunity to injuries, and the power of thought and reaction that exceeded time. In other words, the current Eleven was almost not restricted by Zavay’s time domain. In the domain, all living beings were equal.

“Roar!!!” Eleven’s arrival made Zavay incredulous. A five-colored muslin quickly spread from its body. That was another combination of profundity in Zavay. If the five-element light ball just now focused on attacking, the current five-element battle suit was focused on defense.

However, this combination skill, which could be said to be the strongest defense, like the strongest attack, instantly fractured like glass when it smashed the light, darkness, and lightning fist heavily into Zavay’s abdomen under the impact of the eleven consecutive punches. Zavay let out a puff and widened its eyes. It sensed that this attack was even more frightening than its strongest attack power. It was very unbelievable.

Was the opponent… really only a quasi divine?

Before its thoughts fell, its body seemed to have fallen apart. It flew backward infinitely and was sent flying, turning into a beam of light!!

The booming sound of air being torn apart showed how frightening the force Zavay had encountered so far was.

All the spectators instantly saw it from the perspective of the battle sprite. Its abdomen was almost penetrated, and countless drops of blood flowed down its body and spewed out of its mouth.

In an instant, even the battle sprite fell silent. The huge difference between the two parties reversed, making the information it stored a little unable to react.

If it was like this, the various spectators undoubtedly revealed shocked expressions.

“Zavay, what are you doing!!!” Seeing this scene, Ming Gu, who regarded Zavay as its strongest opponent, revealed an expression as if it had seen a ghost. Where did Eleven come from? It could actually make Zavay…

“What a joke. That Zavay… was suppressed?”

“What’s the hurry… Zavay won’t lose. Don’t forget, it can reverse time at any time, and it has two chances of revival!”

Online and offline, the audience members who were paying attention to this battle fell into a discussion. The number of people in the live-stream was still rising crazily.

It was nothing. Zavay had yet to lose…

However, if Zavay handed over the Time Mark even once in the first battle, it would be a loss for it.

This was because even if it used the Time Mark twice, it might not necessarily be able to defeat the intermediate god challenged by the champion. If it lost once or two times in the God Sealing Battle, the challenge this year would undoubtedly end in failure again.

At this moment, countless people were paying attention to the battle, wanting to see how the subsequent development would go.

“Reversal…” Zavay, who was sent flying, used Time Reversal with difficulty. As the power of time was consumed, its body returned to its nearly peak state. At the same time, its expression was even more ferocious, no longer as calm as before.