Chapter 1457 - 1457 The First Battle (7)

1457 The First Battle (7)

At this moment, it felt a huge pressure, just like facing that intermediate god. This gave it the illusion that it couldn’t defeat its opponent without using the Time Mark.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However… for the sake of the champion challenge, it definitely couldn’t use it.

The other party’s eruption couldn’t last long. It only wanted…

Boom!!!

Zavay, who had just returned to a relatively intact state, didn’t even see Eleven’s figure. It didn’t even have time to activate its time domain before it felt a palm that descended from the sky and pinched its head.

“Roar…” Eleven descended at lightning speed and was sent flying above Zavay. The Thunder Palm pinched its head, and its body turned into a bolt of lightning that fell to the other intact ground!!

Thunderlight flashed, drawing a beautiful straight line in midair.

With a bang, the power of bolt corroded its body and caused a massive impact. When another huge pit appeared on the ground, Zavay, who had its head smashed, felt like it was about to faint. Apart from vomiting blood, it felt that its consciousness couldn’t even control Time Reversal.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Eleven grabbed the other party’s head with one hand and threw a heavy punch with the other. Without giving the other party a chance to reverse time, it attacked crazily and punched crazily. The attack seemed to have exceeded time. Looking at Zavay, who was crushed and vomiting blood, the audience was afraid.

The audience who originally thought that Zavay could rely on Time Reversal to fight Eleven was stunned.

“This…”

This… What kind of monster was this!!!

Where did this monster come from!

It actually… actually ravaged Zavay to this extent! Zavay didn’t even have a chance to use Time Reversal!

“Test completed…”

“Contestant Eleven’s state is an overload state. It’s estimated to last less than a minute…”

At this moment, seeing Zavay’s miserable appearance, the spectators of the various realms swallowed their saliva crazily. Only when they heard the analysis conclusion of the battle sprite did they return to their senses.

Yes, how could such a powerful state be maintained for a long time?

The audience who had the ridiculous thought that Zavay would lose suddenly shook their heads. Zavay wouldn’t lose…

Although it might waste a Time Mark, Zavay would still win!!

However, Eleven’s existence seemed to be born to break this naive thought.

Eleven sighed and threw Zavay’s body… into the sky!

In the next moment.

Boom!

An unprecedented massive millstone appeared in midair under Eleven’s feet.

A circular metal millstone formed, showing black and white clueless colors, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored bolt that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious. Everything around it seemed to have turned into chaos, disintegrating and being obliterated.

After condensing a millstone, Eleven stood on the millstone and watched as Zavay, who had been thrown into the sky, slowly fell.

Rip.

When Zavay descended into the sky above the millstone, its body was fixed in midair by the Yin Yang lightning. A strong destructive power swept up!!

“Ah!!!!!” Accompanied by Zavay’s shocking roar, everyone looked at the two marks that contained strong traces of time spreading out from Zavay’s body in disbelief.

Time Mark!

The key to Zavay’s revival.

However, at this moment, Time Mark was actually pulled out of its body. As the Yin Yang Millstone under Eleven’s feet spun crazily, it was crazily disintegrated and obliterated by an unbelievable mysterious power!!

In the blink of an eye, the two Time Marks were corroded by the black and white power and collapsed into nothingness.

On the millstone, the power of time in Zavay’s body also disintegrated crazily and disappeared. The floating Zavay seemed to have gone from a high and mighty invincible king to a prisoner whose life was controlled by others in an extremely short period of time.

“Roar!!”

Eleven emitted a monstrous deterrence and announced its victory!!!

Universe, do you see it!

This was the Iron-eating Beast!

When the deterrence trembled, all the spectators were also shocked, their gazes exploding.

“The Time Mark too…”

“Impossible!!!” The second place, Ming Gu, couldn’t accept this scene and was extremely shocked.

“Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit.” Lin Feng, who was also watching the battle, was extremely excited. Seeing Eleven really win, he also experienced that it was ridiculous. Although Shi Yu was full of confidence, it was another feeling to really see the outcome.

“This…” In the Floating Realm, the Space Emperor also descended into incomparable thought. Wait a minute, what was going on?

Shi Yu used only one pet, a pet without the support of a Beast Tamer, to overcome the previous champion, the Cosmic Crow Zavay, who was ranked in the top 30 of the myriad races in the starry sky?

Although he had very high expectations for Shi Yu, Shi Yu’s initial answer scroll was too ridiculous.

Fanba, Green Dragon Gorka, Director Sen, Zi Lan, Phoenix Man, and the others didn’t think highly of Eleven at the start and experienced that Eleven was really unlucky. At this moment, they even lost their ability to think.

“What’s wrong with this world?”

“Hehe!!” The gem cat wasn’t surprised to see the results of the competition. What was wrong with the universe? It was actually not surprised that Shi Yu had created such a miracle in the universe. She looked at the silent Dragon God and patted this senior.

“Calm down, Senior Dragon God, all the best. You’ve already been exceeded by Shi Yu too much.”

“This Cultivation Fruit is for you…”

In the battle venue of the second world.

“Yi…” Eleven looked at the battle elf and asked if it had won.