Chapter 1469 - 1469 The Ten Supernovas (4)

1469 The Ten Supernovas (4)

Right on the heels of that…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Fifth place: Time Sect Master!]

A white Shorty appeared.

…

“Damn, what kind of messy ranking is this? If Little Ji, Susu, and Baby Ginseng return, they’ll explode in anger.”

Halfway through the inventory, Shi Yu muttered.

The super divine computer of this second world was impressive, but after lining Little Ji up behind Duckie, were they sure that Little Ji wouldn’t go berserk?

It was fine if it ranked Little Ji behind Duckie, but it actually ranked Susu behind Duckie. If Susu didn’t go berserk, Duckie would have to kneel down and beg for mercy when it returned to show its loyalty.

And Baby Ginseng… As the general of the first team and the most knowledgeable of the three brothers, it was actually ranked behind a bunch of second team underlings. Baby Ginseng would probably self-destruct from anger.

Shi Yu estimated that his pets were almost all in the top ten supernovas, apart from Ling, who might not be included because it had yet to appear in a battle and hadn’t had its strength detected.

“F*ck…” In Shi Yu’s room, Lin Feng continued to swallow his saliva. He knew that Shi Yu was very impressive, but when he saw Shi Yu’s pet being checked as one of the ten supernovas, he still felt that it was ridiculous.

How many monster pets had Shi Yu cultivated?

He felt that compared to Shi Yu, he was like a furball.

“Oh? Shi Yu, stop looking first.” Suddenly, Lin Feng said, “So fast, Senior Space Emperor and the others… are here.”

“They’re here?” Shi Yu was shocked. “Where?”

Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, six figures appeared outside the door. The Space Emperor led the way. Behind him were five figures. Among them, three men and two women looked like humans.

The luxuriously dressed dragon man, the beautiful woman in the Phoenix Feather Robe, the muscular man in scales, the angel goddess who retracted the Holy Wings, the dark blue demon, and the super divine of the five major divine races on Blue Planet had all shapeshifted into humanoid forms suitable for appearance. They traveled quietly and arrived at the central realm.

They were all very low-profile, afraid of being challenged by the powerful divine level in the central world.

Along the way, no one could imagine that there were actually five super divine-level experts in this group of six.

Although they weren’t afraid of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, there were still many existences even more terrifying than Lin Feng and the Space Emperor among the divine levels who could attack super divines at their peak head-on.

“Seniors, you’re here.” Lin Feng quickly brought Shi Yu out to welcome them.

“Greetings, seniors,” Shi Yu said.

“Are you Shi Yu?” The five superdivines looked at Shi Yu and smiled. This was because they were still hoping that Shi Yu would take down the permanent teleportation array. They looked at Shi Yu with pleasant expressions.

“As expected of a talented person,” the Kirin Race’s super divine said. “Kid, bringing back the Wind Kirin inheritance from your mother planet is very important to our Kirin Race. Do you have anything you want in return?”

Shi Yu muttered in his heart that Lin Feng had long asked for repayment. Didn’t they still refuse to give it to him?

Now that he was about to obtain the permanent teleportation array, he mentioned the reward. What a scam.

“The Kirin Race made heavy sacrifices to protect Blue Planet back then. Without the sacrifice of the Kirin Race, there wouldn’t be me later. It’s my duty to bring back the Wind Kirin inheritance,” Shi Yu said politely.

“Don’t say that. You’re still working hard for your mother planet. As seniors, it’s only right for us to reward the juniors who work hard,” the dragon super divine said. “I heard that you cultivated a Green Dragon. Why don’t I send the strongest Green Dragon evolver in the Dragon Race to guide it?”

Shi Yu was speechless.

The corners of Lin Feng’s mouth twitched. Shi Yu had already cracked the Four Saint Ruins, and he still needed their guidance?

These superdivines were here to talk bullsh*t, right?

Sigh, he should hurry up and let them finish their business before chasing them away!

“Seniors, Shi Yu has a shy personality and has social phobia. He’s embarrassed to ask for rewards from you. Why don’t you let me ask for them on his behalf?” Lin Feng laughed and said, “He just obtained a super divine stone. Seniors, how about you spend some super divine power to help him open it??”

The five super divines were slightly stunned.

“It’s just opening a stone. It’s no big deal. Where is it?” the demon super divine said.

…

In the hall.

The Space Emperor was also puzzled. Where did Lin Feng and Shi Yu get a super divine stone?

However, the five super divines were still very happy to leave a good impression on Shi Yu through this method. At this moment, they were already thinking about how to rope Shi Yu in.

It was a pity for a genius like Shi Yu to stay in the Floating Realm.

It was better to send it to their race and nurture juniors so as to tie him to their race.

Especially the super divine of the Kirin Race, who was already thinking about how to bring Shi Yu and the Wind Kirin back to the race.

They believed that, compared to Wang Kong and Lin Feng, the two ordinary divine-levels, Shi Yu would definitely choose to follow super divine professionals similar to them.

“Is it this stone?”

“Yes, seniors, I’ll leave it to you.”

The five super divines naturally knew what the super divine stone was. The five of them nodded at each other and stretched out their palms at the same time, aiming at the super divine stone.

In the next moment, a mysterious power that Shi Yu couldn’t understand no matter how he observed it lingered in the five super divine palms before slowly surging towards the divine stone.

“Good lord.” Lin Feng was looking forward to it. He didn’t expect that the stone he had just gotten last night could be opened today.

What good thing could it be?

Five streams of super divine power flowed towards the super divine stone. In the next moment, dense cracks appeared on the outside of the super divine stone.

Right on the heels of that, it all shattered. Shi Yu took a deep breath and stared intently.

“Huh?” The five super divines exclaimed softly. When the shell of the super divine stone shattered, the full appearance of the things inside was revealed. The Space Emperor, Lin Feng, Shi Yu, and the five super divines were stunned.

Because 90% of the resources inside the super divine stone were super divine, yet no super divine resources were obtained this time.

Inside the super divine stone was an additional stone, a biological fossil, and an amber-like thing. And inside the amber was a person!

It was a man who was completely naked. His private parts were covered by holy light, revealing only his powerful body and handsome face.

“An ancient man from the last era??” The five super divine beings were surprised. It was rare for a super divine stone to open such an ancient creature.

“The life aura of this ancient man has already disappeared, but his physical strength should be comparable to a super divine. If he’s sold to the archeological association, its value should be even more expensive than super divine resources. It’s not bad,” the dragon super divine said.

At this moment, Lin Feng seemed to be a little disappointed to see that the person was a man and not a goddess. He looked at Shi Yu and saw that Shi Yu was looking at this man with an extremely serious expression.

“You’re interested in men?” Lin Feng asked.

“No, I’m merely interested in the ancients of the era,” Shi Yu said with a deep breath.

In particular, this ancient of the era indeed gazed very alike to his previous life on Earth. Shi Yu’s heart trembled similar to a tsunami as he forcefully controlled the changes in his face.