Chapter 1462 - 1462 What'S Wrong With The Newcomers This Year (1)

1462 What’s Wrong With the Newcomers This Year (1)

“…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Chi Tong finished speaking, Shi Yu and the others looked at Chi Tong.

The long silence made Chi Tong feel embarrassed.

“Well…” Shi Yu pondered for a long time and said,” What a coincidence. Forget it, it’s not a big problem. ”

Chi Tong said, “That means… we can defeat it, right?”

“Don’t worry about its Demon Emperor father, right?”

“You can defeat it. Of course, don’t kill it. Don’t sound so excited,” Shi Yu said. “A super divine expert is so bored that he would care about the outcome of a newbie competition for his descendants.”

“Isn’t Zavay’s forefather also a super divine expert? Eleven trounced Zavay up too.”

Shi Yu thought that everyone would be able to relax in the next round, but from the looks of it, Chi Tong might be a little tired.

“Alright~” Of course, Chi Tong didn’t feel tired. As long as it didn’t encounter Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and Ling in advance and confronted some other strong enemies, Chi Tong was still very happy. It would treat it as a warm-up.

“In addition, although the strength exhibited in its video is very weak, don’t be careless.”

“It’s a hybrid Beast Tamer. What if it contracted something else other than that demon saber?”

“It’s the son of a super divine… You have to take it seriously!”

“Alright~” Chi Tong said.

Of course, Shi Yu also knew that the chances of Chi Tong losing weren’t high…

After all, just her clone was already at the level of the top few of the God Sealing Battle…

“Alright, alright, disperse. Rest well and wait for the next round,” Shi Yu said.

“Oh~” The pets dispersed and ran to use the computer.

They also wanted to see the trending topic!

Especially Chi Tong. Eleven was first on the trending list today. She was thinking about how to win tomorrow and suppress Eleven in popularity.

…

Floating Realm.

Five terrifying existences descended into the Sky Temple one by one.

Their figures were blurry, and their true bodies was unable to be seen, as if they were in a fog that didn’t belong to this world.

“Seniors, you’ve come. It’s really surprising.”

The Space Emperor walked out of the divine hall and chuckled. “You’re here because of the God Sealing Battle, right?”

“Wang Kong,” the super divine of the Demon Race said in the mist. “You’ve picked up a good seedling from Blue Planet.”

“I came here to ask you how confident you are in its achieving first place in the God Sealing Battle and obtaining that permanent teleportation array.”

“I’m naturally confident, but who can say for sure about this kind of thing?” the Space Emperor said.

The super divine of the Demon Race said, “If one time doesn’t work, then two, then three. Then, from the looks of it, it won’t be long before our mother planet can connect to the World King Planet. Not bad. At that time, our race will do our best to help our mother planet advance to a high-level planet.”

“Wang Kong, you did well in this matter.” The angel super divine was a woman. She uttered in a faint voice, “We’ll remember your contribution.”

“Seniors.” The Space Emperor smiled and said, “In exploring our mother planet and helping our mother planet recover its Restoration, our Floating Realm has always been the main force. Now, it’s also the permanent teleportation array obtained by the Beast Tamers of my Dong Huang’s bloodline.”

“I think we should also redistribute the resource planning of Blue Planet in the future?”

The peak Blue Planet was one of the best on intermediate planets. It could be uttered to be a half-step super divine planet, which was why it could nurture so many top-notch gods with unrivaled talent.

It could be uttered that back then, Blue Planet was only a step away from becoming a high-level planet and a super divine planet.

If not for that, it wouldn’t have attracted so many invaders to split the resources.

The five god races on Blue Planet had taken a fancy to the potential of their mother planet. The current mother planet, the mother planet at its peak, might not be a big deal, but if their mother planet advanced to a super divine planet, they could even abandon the Dong Xuan Realm and the Heavenly Demon Realm. At that time, Blue Planet would be a better habitat.

The environment of the super divine planet was far greater than a first-level realm. It was the same in all aspects.

Especially when a divine-level planet had just advanced to the super divine level, a large number of pseudo source of transcendence would be born. This was useless to planetary life forms themselves, but it was very useful to other lives. Although it was unable to let a divine-level planet advance to the super divine level, it was a strange object that could save super divine experts countless years of bitter cultivation.

Generally speaking, super divine lives with super divine planets as their territories were very strong, far stronger than super divine world overlords in first-level realms.

“Wang Kong, what do you mean?” the demon super divine said. “Can your Floating Realm alone raise your mother planet to a high-level planet?”

“Moreover, after the mother planet advances to a high-level, it also needs us to protect it.”

“Wang Kong is right. They’ve indeed made a huge contribution this time. They can save at least a hundred years and bring many benefits in the future,” the Kirin Race super divine said. “We’ll bear all the resources for the advancement of the mother planet. There’s no need for the Floating Realm to share them.”

“Sure.” “Agreed.”

The super divines of the Dragon Race and the Phoenix Race expressed that they could accept it. In the past, they only cared about the resources after Blue Planet advanced, but now, if a permanent teleportation array could be established on Blue Planet, it would be a more suitable home for the five god races to live in. At that time, the entire race could strengthen again because of this.

“Thank you for your understanding, seniors,” the Space Emperor said. “But I still have a small request. Although we all have the same mother planet and should be harmonious, in the initial plan, our Floating Realm indeed accounted for too little.”

“Therefore, I think, why don’t we do this? After our mother planet advances to super divine, the six of us will compete.”

“The Dragon Race, the Phoenix Race, the Kirin Race, the Angel Race, the Demon Race, and the Human Race are considered the strongest six races on Blue Planet. At that time, we’ll use the competition method to divide resources and territories under the witness of the will of our mother planet. I wonder what you think, seniors?”