Chapter 1464 - 1464 What'S Wrong With The Newcomers This Year (3)

1464 What’s Wrong With the Newcomers This Year (3)

“Not everything good can be obtained here. There’s really nothing too precious here.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“90% of it is just ordinary, super divine resources from the last era. The advantage is that it’s rare. However, I’ve also heard that someone opened a creature from the last era!! A sealed era creature.”

“It seems to have been opened by the archeological association after spending a lot of strive to invite a few super divines.”

“Of course, they’re all corpses. They no longer have a life force. After an era, it’s impossible for them to live anymore, but they’re also quite worth researching.”

“No matter what it is, aren’t you curious as an archeologist?” Lin Feng said.

After a instant of silence, Shi Yu said, “Alright, Senior Lin Feng, you’ve aroused my curiosity. If I like the thing in the super divine stone, I’ll take it away first.”

Lin Feng chuckled and said, “Sure, but you have to give me more of the power of belief of the White Tiger in the Four Saint Ruins…”

“No problem. This was agreed upon previously,” Shi Yu said.

…

“Yo, Old Sun.” That day, Lin Feng pulled Shi Yu along to find Senior Sun to drink and eat. There was no delay at all.

“You’re here.” Senior Sun quite welcomed Lin Feng and Shi Yu. After all, only he and his daughter had come to the central world this time. It was a little cold.

It wasn’t boring to have an old comrade come to catch up and drink.

At this moment, the girl, Sun Qiujing, was seriously farming the God Sealing Battle forum to watch the trending topics.

“Senior Lin.” However, when Lin Feng arrived, she still got up and greeted him.

“Did Little Qiu’s God Sealing Battle go smoothly today? How was the battle? Was the opponent strong?” Lin Feng asked.

Senior Sun chuckled and said, “She was relatively unlucky and encountered a contestant ranked more than 7,000 in the previous batch. However, she was lucky enough to win.”

With that said, he chuckled at Lin Feng, as if he was asking Lin Feng if he was panicked.

Lin Feng said, “That’s not bad.”

Senior Sun said, “Where’s Shi Yu?”

Sun Qiujing said, “I’ve searched before, but I didn’t find any information about him…”

“So, you signed up with your contracted partner as the main body?” She looked at Shi Yu and spoke more than usual.

For combinations with contracts, they usually only choose one to register as the main body. Generally speaking, whoever was mightier would use their name. Human Beast Tamers were stronger and dominated, so they would register with the identification of a human Beast Tamer. If a certain human contracted a big race in the starry sky and the contracted creature was stronger, they would register with the name of the contracted beast and be an accessory.

Sun Qiujing couldn’t find Shi Yu’s name. She subconsciously judged that Shi Yu was just an accessory.

“Huh?” Senior Sun said. “Is that so?”

He, the Space Emperor, and Lin Feng were all humans. He remembered that these two old comrades were both humanists. The juniors they thought highly of shouldn’t be living off his pets, right?

“I indeed let my pet register by itself… It’s mainly because I’m relatively lazy. If the opponent isn’t strong, I’ll let my pet participate by itself while I wait for the results at home.” Shi Yu smiled and scratched his head.

“Is that so?” Senior Sun said, “Good kid, looks like you acknowledge the strength of your pet. Then what was the outcome of its first battle?”

“Hehe, Old Sun, why don’t you admit defeat directly in the bet? Didn’t you see the news?”

“What news??” Senior Sun was stunned.

Seeing that the other party really didn’t know, Lin Feng said to Sun Qiujing, who was holding a laptop, “Little Qiu, tell your father what the greatest hot topic of the God Sealing Battle today is.”

“The previous champion, Zavay, was eliminated in the first round?” Sun Qiujing was stunned, not understanding what he meant.

“I just heard this from Little Qiu,” Senior Sun said.

“Have you seen it yet? Look at the news. See which realm the guy who eliminated the first place, Zavay, came from,” Lin Feng said.

“Floating Realm…” Sun Qiujing still didn’t react after watching.

On the other hand, Senior Sun, who was beside him, suddenly widened his eyes and looked at Sun Qiujing. “What did you say??”

“Which realm did the guy who defeated Zavay come from??”

“The Floating Realm…” Sun Qiujing said, “That’s what the Internet says, but it’s not proven…”

She didn’t know that Uncle Lin in front of her was the deputy lord of the Floating Realm. It was a second-level realm and wasn’t that famous. She only knew that Lin Feng was her father’s comrade…

However, Senior Sun himself knew that the Floating Realm was the territory of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng. He couldn’t help but be stunned and suddenly look at Shi Yu.

“Wu wu wu…” At this moment, Eleven, who was clearly very tired but was still pulled by Shi Yu to eat forcefully, also crawled out of Shi Yu’s pocket. Then, it slowly enlarged and climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder.

Its big eyes looked at Senior Sun and the girl.

The two of them: …

After seeing Iron-eating Beast Eleven appear beside Shi Yu, Senior Sun, and the girl’s expressions gradually changed. “This, this, this…”

“Let me introduce you. My initial pet, Eleven,” Shi Yu said. “The results of its first battle… are pretty smooth…”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Senior Sun and Sun Qiujing were stunned.

What the hell?!

The beast that defeated the previous champion in the first round… was Shi Yu’s pet??

Shi Yu’s words echoed in their ears.

[I did let my pet register itself… It’s mainly because I’m relatively lazy. If the opponent isn’t strong, I’ll let my pet participate alone while I wait for the results at home.]