Chapter 1461 - 1461 Reaction Of All Parties (3)

1461 Reaction of All Parties (3)

Now, with Shi Yu, the founding emperor of Dong Huang, and the addition of Emperor Shi, the Space Emperor felt that his wish might be easier to achieve.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

And all of this was established on the premise that Blue Planet could connect to a cosmic civilization.

Now, Shi Yu might be able to help Blue Planet complete this goal very quickly.

“By the way, how are its injuries? That explosive skill looks like it’s under a lot of pressure.” Lin Feng suddenly thought of something and inquired nervously.

“Eleven… is resting in the Beast Taming Space,” Shi Yu said. “It shouldn’t be a big problem. We’ve prepared a lot of restoration items in advance. When Baby Ginseng returns, we’ll let Baby Ginseng take a look. If it really doesn’t work, there’s still Susu’s cleansing.”

“Sigh, what are you waiting for!” Lin Feng said. “Let my pet take a look at Eleven’s injuries first.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. Lin Feng had once contracted a Moo Cow of a transcendent race.

The milk squeezed out by the Moo Cow was a top-notch restoration item and supplement. However, Shi Yu didn’t like milk very much, so he didn’t buy it at that time.

Presumably, this was the healer on Lin Feng’s team.

His goal of contracting this pet was probably similar to Shi Yu contracting the ginseng baby.

…

That day, apart from Eleven’s opponent being a little troublesome, the battles of the other pets were very smooth.

Buggy maintained an energy-efficient state and instantly killed its opponent with a dragon’s might.

Chi Tong and the others were similar. Unsurprisingly, they insta-killed their opponents with deterrence. Because their opponents’ rankings were low, they didn’t receive much attention in the battle.

Apart from their opponents collapsing a little and not knowing why the newbies this year were so strange, everything was very calm.

When they all went home, they saw Eleven holding a big bottle and drinking moo milk.

As for Shi Yu, he was sitting on the sofa with his laptop.

“They’re all back. Has the next opponent refreshed? Eleven’s has already refreshed,” Shi Yu said.

The opponent Eleven encountered in the first round was relatively terrifying. The opponent it matched in the second round was relatively lousy. It should be able to end the battle with a deterrence.

After Shi Yu finished asking, the pets started chattering.

They looked at Ling in dissatisfaction.

Ling shrugged and showed an innocent expression.

“Ling was the lucky one to advance again. I know,” Shi Yu said. “Where are the others?”

Buggy and the others articulated that their next opponents were still very lousy.

Regarding this, Shi Yu nodded and said without any surprise, “I’m looking at the trending topics now. Good lord, it hasn’t been long, but most of Eleven’s information has already been exposed. This Myriad Race Committee really doesn’t have any ethics.”

To be honest, Shi Yu felt that it was meaningless after watching the trending topic for a long time.

It was mainly because he was too familiar with Eleven.

On the other hand, Shi Yu watched the second trending topic with interest.

“You guys come and take a look too.” Under Shi Yu’s call, the pets gathered.

Shi Yu was replaying a video. In the video, there was an alien with dark blue skin that looked like armor. Its posture was no different from that of an ordinary person. It had blood-red eyes, purple-black lips, and two lines that looked like blood tears under the eyes on its face.

“This is the strongest quasi divine a thousand years ago, Kai Te. He won first place in the 19 God Sealing Battle. It’s said that he originally wanted to continue participating in the God Sealing Battle until he completed the champion challenge. However, because of a life-and-death crisis, he was forced to break through to the divine level and no longer suppressed his level.”

“Then, he quickly grew to the level of a top-notch god and immersed himself in this realm for hundreds of years until now…”

“He issued a challenge to the super divine-level Demon Emperor…”

In the scene, he was flying above a city, and his pressure enveloped the entire city.

In the next moment, a saber light seemed to have descended across countless spaces. Kai Te’s body was directly divided into two, and his soul and spirit were instantly killed, turning into a blood mist that scattered throughout the city.

The dazzling saber light was permanently frozen in the sky.

“It’s said that the life-and-death crisis this guy encountered in his early years is related to the Demon Emperor faction. His contracted partner even died because of this. This time, it should be for revenge. At the same time, let’s see if we can kill this super divine and expose the source of transcendence to take another step forward.”

“Unfortunately, it was insta-killed in one move.” Shi Yu shook his head. Logically speaking, Kai Te’s strength wasn’t necessarily inferior to the Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng, but facing this Demon Emperor, he was still unable to fight back. It was so miserable.

It didn’t look like it was that easy to explode the source of transcendence.

However, it was also possible that this Demon Emperor was too strong. It was said that he was a hybrid of a human and a demon. Not only was his bloodline powerful, but he also mastered the contract ability of a human and contracted a divine saber forged with 81 super divine resources. His strength was unbelievable and he could destroy a planet with a slash.

“Ji…” Buggy swallowed its saliva and inquired Shi Yu why he was paying attention to this. Why would this video appear on the trending list of the God Sealing Battle Forum?

“Uh, because the son of this Demon Emperor is also making big news like Eleven. The third son of the Demon Emperor only appeared this year. The first time he participated in the God Sealing Battle, he also encountered an impressive guy in the first round. His opponent was 21st in the last God Sealing Battle, and then… he was insta-killed by the third son of the Demon Emperor.”

“Although it’s not as brutal as Eleven, due to the special identity of the son of the Demon Emperor, it can also be said to have received a lot of attention.” Shi Yu opened the video of the son of the Demon Emperor instantly killing the 21st place in the previous God Sealing Battle.

“There are also people who say that it and Eleven are the two greatest dark horses in this year’s God Sealing Battle…”

In the video, it was a noble young master with silver hair, golden eyes, beast ears, and beast tail. It held a demon saber and had an oppressive aura.

It looked like it was also a hybrid like its father and walked the path of the contract blade.

“Eh…” At this moment, when it saw this face, Chi Tong suddenly exclaimed.

She fell into deep thought. Looking at the other party’s profile picture, why did it feel so familiar?

Wait a minute…

“Well, well… My next opponent seems to be him. Because he doesn’t have any participation record, I thought he was a rookie. So he’s very strong??” Chi Tong suddenly said.