Chapter 1463 - 1463 What'S Wrong With The Newcomers This Year (2)

1463 What’s Wrong With the Newcomers This Year (2)

“Competition?” The super divine of the Demon Race said, “Wang Kong, tell me, what’s the competition?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Emperor Kong said, “According to the strength of the various races at that time.”

“Set a strong and weak order.”

“This way, it’ll save us the trouble of causing conflict in the future. Of course, as for the resources for Blue Planet’s advancement, we still have to rely on you, seniors.”

The super divines of the five divine races were stunned. What did Wang Kong mean?

Was he stupid?

There wasn’t a single super divine in the Floating Realm. What was the meaning of this unnecessary action?

In essence, the strength of the various races still competed with the top experts!

Or did Wang Kong think that he and Lin Feng could really defeat super divines above their level?

These two guys were just lucky to have worked together to assassinate a weak super divine. Did they really think that they had the ability to resist a super divine?

“This is all I want.”

“Sure,” the super divine of the Dragon Race said. “It’s reasonable. If you’re stronger, you can get more resources. That’s how it should be.”

The super divine of the Dragon Race felt that the strength of the Dragon Race wasn’t weaker than the other four divine races. A long, long time ago, it was even the strongest among the five super divines.

The Space Emperor’s suggestion was advantageous to the Dragon Race.

“This…” Although the other four super divine races had concerns, considering that the greatest initiative to connect to the mother planet was in the hands of the Space Emperor, they said, “We can discuss in detail.”

“Alright,” the Space Emperor said in satisfaction.

To be honest, with the current financial resources of the Floating Realm, it couldn’t support helping its mother planet become a super divine at all. It could only rely on the five major divine races.

However, letting the five god races occupy Blue Planet again and occupy all the benefits caused the human race to decline. The Space Emperor was unwilling to see it. After all, Shi Yu had also put in a lot of effort in the Floating Realm.

Compared to the distribution rules that were disadvantageous to the Floating Realm at the start, he chose to propose the rule of “distribution with the strength of the various races” again.

On the surface, humans were worlds apart from the five god races. Their top battle power was inferior, and their average battle power was even inferior to the five divine races that had developed for hundreds of millions of years.

However… the Space Emperor had a trump card that the five divine races still didn’t know about.

Super divine level, Emperor Shi!

With Shi Yu’s description of Emperor Shi, Emperor Shi shouldn’t be weak.

At the super divine level, sometimes with the emperor presiding over it, there was no lack of top-notch battle power.

In the divine-level area, with him and Lin Feng, they were confident that they wouldn’t lose to any divine-level. With the two of them working together, they might even be able to deal with a super divine for a moment.

There was also Shi Yu, the strongest quasi divine.

When Shi Yu broke through to the divine level, with the Four Holy Ruins, it shouldn’t be a problem for him to fight a top-notch god. In that case, not only were the humans on Blue Planet not weak, but they were also terrifyingly strong. They would definitely crush a single god race.

First, he would set the rules. At that time, it would be better to split Blue Planet with strength than to have conflicts later on. The development of the human race was still too short. It needed to develop slowly. When he, Lin Feng, and Shi Yu were born with new super divine powers, Dong Huang would be able to dominate Blue Planet.

…

“Shi Yu!!!”

“I’m meeting Old Sun for dinner again. You and Eleven will go with me later.”

“Although the God Sealing Battle hasn’t ended, with Eleven’s battle results, it shouldn’t be a problem for us to win the bet, right?”

“Old Sun can’t still be making a final struggle, right? Ha.”

On Shi Yu and the others’ side, Lin Feng returned a long time after leaving, and he was very happy.

He immediately remembered the bet between him and Senior Sun at the dining table last night.

Between Shi Yu and Sun Qiujing, whose ranking was higher…

If Shi Yu’s was higher, Senior Sun would give Lin Feng a super divine resource.

“Senior Lin Feng, is this appropriate…” Shi Yu said, “What’s that super divine resource you’re talking about?”

Lin Feng said, “What’s inappropriate about that? I’ve even saved his life. Moreover, that super divine resource is useless to him…”

“Have you learned of the super divine stone?”

“Uh…” Shi Yu was stunned. “What’s that?”

“To think you’re an archeologist. Looks like you didn’t do your homework seriously after arriving at the World King Planet,” Lin Feng uttered with a smile.

“The super divine stone is from the ruins of the last era! It’s from the era.”

“You know about stone gambling, right? Although people don’t know who created the super divine stone, in essence, opening it isn’t much different from stone gambling.”

“It’s sealed inside with strange things. Most of the super divine level resources from the previous eras, so it’s also called the super divine stone.”

“In addition, there’s another reason why it’s called the super divine stone. If you want to unlock it, you need the cooperation of at least four super divine experts to do it.”

“This condition… is undoubtedly very harsh, so even if Old Sun was lucky enough to obtain this thing on the battlefield, he hasn’t been able to open it until now.”

“However, it’s different in my hands. After you acquire first place in the God Sealing Battle, the super divine ancestors of the five divine races will definitely come out of seclusion. At that time, I’ll just ask them to help open it. I’m just more curious about what can be obtained inside. I’m not really lacking a super divine resource,” Lin Feng said with a chuckle.

“Senior Sun is also giving such a valuable thing??” Shi Yu said.

Lin Feng said, “It’s a bet. Moreover, he can’t use the super divine stone anyway, and he can’t tolerate to trade it. It’s better to bet. It’s all a bet.”

“If there’s really something good, at most, I’ll help his daughter infer the evolution for free. If nothing beneficial comes out, then…”