Chapter 1465 - 1465 What'S Wrong With The Newcomers This Year (4)

1465 What’s Wrong With the Newcomers This Year (4)

What a joke.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

So, the opponent they thought wasn’t strong was the Cosmic Crow Zavay?!

“I don’t believe it,” Senior Sun said after losing his ability to think. Beside him, Sun Qiujing’s expression darkened. This was the first time she had come out to see the world and participated in a bet. She only felt that something was wrong.

Lin Feng snorted and said, “There’s no point in a final struggle. Come, come, come, let me introduce you again. The geniuses from our mother planet, Shi Yu and Eleven…”

“A mere Zavay is easy to control!”

“Did you bring the super divine stone?”

…

Shi Yu spent the night in a daze. Soon, it was the next day. The second round of the God Sealing Tournament was about to begin.

The focus of today’s competition was on the two most hot topics. They were Iron-eating Beast Eleven and the third son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang.

Among them, Iron-eating Beast Eleven’s competition was the first to be carried out. After Eleven, who was covered in armor, arrived at the teleportation point and logged onto the battlefield, it realized that its opponent was a coward and had already given up.

Victory without a fight.

This made the audience watching Eleven’s live-stream extremely regretful.

Because of the heat the day before, after Eleven appeared today, it was immediately followed by the various paparazzi. Fortunately, Eleven was prepared. When it came, it had armor disguise, and when it left, it had the Teleportation Stone. If it wasn’t a super divine, it couldn’t be caught.

Eleven didn’t pay attention to any interesting battles. The other dark horse, the third son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, naturally received attention.

To a certain extent, Tian Shang’s identity was even more noble than Zavay’s.

Zavay only had a super divine ancestor, but Tian Shang was directly the biological son of a super divine expert!!

The third son of the Demon Emperor.

However, because the third son of the Demon Emperor was too young, less than 30 years old, according to Zavay’s decades of training, it was hard to say which was stronger, him or Zavay.

Moreover, the Demon Emperor didn’t come from a big race. He was just a human hybrid. His son had natural talent and potential, but not as superior as the Starry Sky Race.

Of course… Some people believed that even the five-year-old Eleven could defeat Zavay. It wasn’t impossible for the third son of the Demon Emperor in his twenties to be comparable to Zavay…

Unfortunately, Zavay had already been eliminated in the first round. There were more than four million people, and it was the worst batch. The two of them were destined to not meet.

“17173 battle room, Tian Shang vs Chi Tong!!!”

“Eh, the opponent should know that Tian Shang insta-killed the 21st place in the previous batch!! It actually didn’t forfeit??”

When it was time for the battle of the third son of the Demon Emperor, a large number of people instantly surged into the live-stream. After seeing that Tian Shang’s opponent actually didn’t directly forfeit and even entered the battlefield, they immediately felt that it was unbelievable.

Because yesterday, as the opponent of the Demon Emperor’s third son in the next round, Chi Tong’s information was exposed.

It was also a newbie. Although it had won a battle, there was no hope of winning upon encountering the third son of the Demon Emperor…

“But one way or another, Chi Tong is so beautiful. What race is it? Human? It doesn’t seem to be. It seems to be a hybrid too!?”

On the plain arena, on one side was a noble young master in a feather coat, silver hair, and golden eyes. His demon saber had yet to be summoned.

If it were on Blue Planet, he would also be considered a Beast Tamer. However, he would be controlling an arms-type pet.

Opposite him was a girl in a black dress that fluttered in the wind. She held a fire-patterned black sword at her waist, and her red eyes were filled with disdain for all life fluctuations.

“A sword battle?!!” After discovering Chi Tong’s clothes, many spectators were stunned.

At the scene, Tian Shang’s expression was calm. He originally thought that he could defeat his opponent without even using his sword in this battle. However, after sensing the faint aura of an expert emanating from Chi Tong, he stretched out his hand and summoned a white demon saber that emitted terrifying demonic power.

The two of them were both very quiet types. Their auras kept condensing, and a huge amount of demonic power gathered around Tian Shang and the Demon Blade. A terrifying sword intent also filled Chi Tong’s body.

Apart from the battle sprite beside them who was still pushing it, the gazes of all the spectators focused on the swords they each swung in the next moment!!

“Heavenly Demon Slash…” Tian Shang said calmly. The saber that gathered terrifying demonic power turned into a soaring sword light that shattered everything and suppressed Chi Tong!!

It was like a cruel Heavenly Wolf tearing at its opponent.

“It’s actually the move that insta-killed Ling Yu. Even the 21st place in the God Sealing Battle couldn’t withstand it. It was on the verge of death, and Tian Shang actually used this move again.”

Everyone held their breaths. Seeing Tian Shang use such a killer move to deal with this opponent, they couldn’t help but be stunned.

How much hatred was there?

“Not enough…” Chi Tong casually swung her sword.

In the next moment, fire patterns spread on the black sword. That was the power of fire mastered by the Vermillion Bird clone. In addition to the spatial power, sharp metal power, and death power mastered by Chi Tong herself, the four powers condensed on the sword body and intertwined. Countless sword shadows and sword lights overlapped on the sword, and the ten thousand swords became one.

Immortal Slaying Sword Intent!!

Buzz!!

With Chi Tong as the center, the sword intent that could destroy the stars erupted with a bang. It was filled with a red light that could destroy everything. The concept was dim to deathly silence, turning into a long rainbow that flew towards the Heavenly Demon Slash!

This was Chi Tong’s current strongest killer move, the simplified version of the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation… She, who could easily defeat the genius of the Vermillion Bird Family ranked in the top 50 of the God Sealing Battle with just a clone, when her main body and clone fused and used the move most suitable for her, had unstoppable power. She was confident that she could kill Cosmic Crow Zavay twice.

The Immortal Slaying Sword Intent didn’t stop at all and directly came into contact with the Heavenly Demon Slash. Almost instantly, the Heavenly Demon Slash was destroyed with a bang and collapsed into countless lights. What was even more terrifying was that the Immortal Slaying Sword Intent still swept with a terrifying power and attacked the third son of the Demon Emperor.

“This is…” The pupils of the third son of the Demon Emperor constricted. He originally thought that he had already thought very highly of his opponent, but when Chi Tong attacked, his face still instantly turned pale. His mind warned crazily, and he sensed the threat of death.

Boom!!

Looking at this blade intent, although it had yet to arrive, he immediately felt that he had been destroyed ten million times…

The third son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, had a ferocious expression. He raised the Demon Blade again and condensed all the strength in his body, erupting with his strongest profundity to resist with all his might.

Boom!

Under the dazzling light, the third son of the Demon Emperor was enveloped in powerful light. It was as if time had passed. With a puff, he spat out a mouthful of blood. The Demon Blade was sent flying, and his entire body was filled with injuries from the invasion of blade intent. His face was pale as he flew out, unable to resist at all.

Chi Tong sighed and slowly put away its sword, looking at the combat elf.

It was as if it was also looking at the countless spectators who had entered the live-stream early, waiting for the third son of the Demon Emperor to show off his might…

“I’m overthinking… The adversary isn’t strong…” Chi Tong muttered.

“Im… Impossible!!!” At this moment, as the combat ended, shocked voices erupted like a tide from various realms again. Many people opened their mouths wide and were stunned. They looked at the victory results that popped up in the live-stream in disbelief…

[Ground 17173, winner: Chi Tong!]

The third son of the Demon Emperor… was… insta-killed??

“I don’t understand!!!” The second place of the God Sealing Battle, Ming Gu, who had once won 101 consecutive championships, was first sad that his opponent, Zavay, had left. Then, he paid attention to other experts, such as Eleven, and the third son of the Demon Emperor…

This third son of the Demon Emperor was also very strong. He felt that there was a trace of a threat to him.

Then… he saw that the third son of the monster newbie, the Demon Emperor, who had only appeared this year and participated in the God Sealing Battle was insta-killed by another newbie, Sword Maiden… The pressure Chi Tong’s blade gave him was incomparably powerful, much stronger than Zavay’s five combination profundities!!

This confused the forever second place.

“What’s amiss with the newbies this year!! Huh??”