Chapter 1466 - 1466 The Ten Supernovas (1)

1466 The Ten Supernovas (1)

“As expected, I can’t open it.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the room, Shi Yu looked at the huge rock in front of him with a headache.

This was the super divine stone.

Last night, Lin Feng still managed to get the super divine stone.

The outcome of the bet was decided in advance before the competition ended.

It was mainly because Senior Sun didn’t think that his daughter could compare to Shi Yu.

In the first round, Shi Yu’s pet shattered Zavay, the 79th consecutive champion. What was there to compete?

In order to make Senior Sun “willingly” take out the super divine stone, Lin Feng promised that if he obtained something good, he definitely wouldn’t hide it!

At that time, they would all be old comrades. Who could let anyone suffer?

After gulping down a mouthful of wine, the super divine stone ran to Lin Feng’s pocket.

After returning, Lin Feng gave the super divine stone to Shi Yu first.

He planned to let Shi Yu ask the five super divines of Blue Planet to open the stone.

It was said that the super divine stone could only be opened with the combined efforts of at least four super divines. However, Shi Yu didn’t believe it.

This was an ancient item no matter what, so he wanted to see if he could crack the other party through archeological skills like cracking ruins and chatting.

However, after trying for the whole night, it didn’t succeed. There were no ripples at all.

This made Shi Yu very disappointed…

…

“Shi Yu, hahahaha, Chi Tong won!!”

Lin Feng ran over to Shi Yu again in a good mood and said, “Speaking of which, between Chi Tong and Eleven, who’s stronger?”

“He actually insta-killed the son of a super divine with a sword. Why do I feel that Chi Tong is also quite strong?”

“Of course she’s strong. In the last team internal competition, she was in first place,” Shi Yu said with a smile as he welcomed Senior Lin Feng.

“At that time, she didn’t have so much power of faith to use.”

The corners of Lin Feng’s mouth twitched. Alright, Eleven wasn’t the strongest, right?

“Of course, that’s the old version. Now, I only have a rough guess which is stronger. As for the real ranking, we still have to fight and see.”

After all… even Shi Yu didn’t ask what trump cards they had prepared for their teammates.

However, this time, Shi Yu vaguely felt that although Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others performed fiercely, they might not necessarily be able to firmly take first place…

“Good news.” Lin Feng looked at the super divine stone Shi Yu placed in the living room and said, “Do you want to hear it?”

“What good news?” Shi Yu said. “Who did you bet with again? What is it this time?”

Lin Feng said, “It’s not that I bet with someone, but Senior Space Emperor bet with someone…”

Shi Yu: “…”

Lin Feng smiled and briefly told Shi Yu about the descent of the super divines of the five major divine races on the Blue Planet into the Floating Realm.

When he learned that at that time, the Blue Planet bloodline would split the resources of Blue Planet according to the strength of their race, Shi Yu had a strange expression.

The Space Emperor was setting a trap for the five divine races.

At that time, when Emperor Shi came out, what would the five divine races do?

Although Emperor Shi had just advanced to the super divine level not long ago, as a time-element big boss, he couldn’t be weaker than the super divines of the five major divine races on Blue Planet, right? It was said that the five major divine races on Blue Planet were only at the bottom of the super divine level.

As for Emperor Shi… According to the owl’s prophecy, there might be more than one source of transcendence in the ruins of the era.

Therefore, when Emperor Shi himself became a super divine Beast Tamer, he might even have at least one time-element pet at the super divine level.

This was very impressive.

It was already very impressive for a large faction to have one super divine expert. To have two super divine experts, it was a faction with two super divine experts. In the entire universe, it was a large faction!

And the combination of a super divine Beast Tamer and a super divine pet was very rare in the entire World King Planet.

For example, the previous Demon Emperor was a super divine Beast Tamer himself, but the Demon Blade in his hand wasn’t a super divine.

But even so, it could still instantly kill super geniuses among divine-levels…

The combination of a super divine Beast Tamer and a super divine creature that Shi Yu was familiar with seemed to only be the vice president of the Environmental Protection Association, God Bing Ling.

God Bing Ling was a super godly Beast Tamer. Her contracted target was the strongest expert of the cleansing star spirit race, the super divine level cleansing star spirit, and the current president of the Environmental Protection Association.

Therefore, if Emperor Shi could have two super godly powers in one body, he would undoubtedly be very strong. And if he had three super divine powers in one body… That would be even more unimaginable. At that time, as long as Dong Huang’s bloodline didn’t provoke the five cosmic-level factions, they could almost do whatever they wanted in the universe.

At the thought of having a super big boss protecting him after releasing Emperor Shi, Shi Yu felt anticipation.

“Senior Space Emperor is fighting for benefits for Dong Huang,” Shi Yu said. “The good news is that.”

“Of course not,” Lin Feng said. “It’s the five super divines. They were afraid that I couldn’t protect you alone and wanted to come over and be your bodyguard…”

“Pfft!” Shi Yu almost spat out his saliva. Five super divines were his bodyguards??

Damn, did the son of a universe overlord have such treatment?

Although they were all the worst super divines, it was too exciting.

“It shouldn’t be as simple as being a bodyguard, right?” Shi Yu said.

“Almost. He’s probably afraid that you’ll win the championship and run away with the teleportation array. He’ll sell it and also have the intention of monitoring you.” Lin Feng smiled.

“If you really obtain the permanent legendary formation, seeing that you’re only from a small spot like the Floating Realm, there will probably be a lot of threats and sharpness from the various races.”

“Of course, although we know that you have the protection of God Bing Ling, the five godly races on Blue Planet will definitely be worried.”

“It’s also a good thing that they’re here. At least…” Lin Feng said, “At least, your super godly rock will probably be unlocked soon. There’s no need to wait until the contest ends.”

“You probably studied it for a long time. You didn’t even watch your pet’s competition.”