Chapter 1467 - 1467 The Ten Supernovas (2)

1467 The Ten Supernovas (2)

Shi Yu laughed and said, “I’m still paying attention to Chi Tong. The opponents of the other pets were insta-killed in one move. There’s nothing to see.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The corners of Lin Feng’s mouth twitched. It was as if Chi Tong’s opponent wasn’t insta-killed in one move.

“Senior Space Emperor just sent me a message… It probably won’t be long before they rush to the central realm.”

“By the way, at this time, the Newcomer Rankings should be out, right?” Lin Feng said.

“Your pets should be able to get on the rankings… Take a look.”

“Uh, let me see. It shouldn’t be time yet, right?”

…

At this moment, many people who were paying attention to the God Sealing Battle felt that this year was quite sudden.

The newbies were all too sick.

In fact, it was understandable that only the third son of the Demon Emperor had appeared.

After all, it was the son of a super divine.

In the end, this super divine son was insta-killed by a sword and eliminated in the second round. Who would have thought?

Chi Tong’s name immediately became a trending topic, second only to Eleven.

Because of Eleven and Chi Tong’s outstanding performances, in addition to Tian Shang’s “outstanding performance”, the Newcomer Rankings this year were paid attention to.

When the time came, many spectators guarded the specific segment of the God Sealing Battle.

Soon, a white light flickered in a pitch-black video. The light gathered into a few big words!

[The ten strongest newbies this year!]

When the words appeared, many spectators were excited. They had been looking forward to it for a long time.

After the words dissipated, a table appeared. On the table was a huge box. In the box was a furball-like creature.

The audience was extremely familiar with it. Every year, it was this box god who came to take note of the most powerful newbies.

No one knew its race or strength. They only knew that its status in the God Sealing Battle Committee wasn’t low.

“Hello, everyone. It’s time for fixed Newcomer Rankings again!” The box god said, “As everyone knows, most of the participants of the God Sealing Battle are old people who participated repeatedly.”

“However, in every batch, countless new contestants will also surge in.”

“Among these new faces, shocking dark horses often appear. In the end, they display absolute strength and defeat those old contestants who are already famous.”

“Now, according to tradition, I’ll take stock of the strength data of the contestants according to the super divine computer in charge of the second world. I’ll count the ten strongest newbies and the ten supernovas among the contestants this year!!”

“As many newbie contestants have yet to display their full strength, this ranking is only for reference.”

When the show arrived, everyone was excited.

This supernova ranking was the most interesting segment during the God Sealing Battle.

It was basically equivalent to the officials of the God Sealing Battle telling the audience which ten contestants were the strongest among the new contestants who signed up for the God Sealing Battle.

Although the box god had said that the strength data of the contestants detected by the super divine computer was only for reference, according to the results of the previous years, the ranking given by the officials basically wouldn’t have too much deviation. At most, there would be a few fluctuations.

After all, even if there were just one or two competitions referenced, it was still a super divine computer. It wouldn’t be difficult to look the strength of a quasi-divine level. Even if the other party hid something, it wouldn’t be difficult.

After the annual supernova ranking, apart from the veteran contestants, the audience would also focus their gazes on these newbies.

But this year…

In fact, before the box god could start the ranking, the audience had already determined who the top three supernovas were.

First, it must be that Iron-eating Beast Eleven.

Having directly killed the Cosmic Crow Zavay, it would be intolerable if Eleven didn’t rank first.

As for second place, it was definitely Chi Tong.

After instantly killing the son of a super divine, her strength might not be inferior to the Iron-eating Beast Eleven. Perhaps she would be first.

As for third place, although the third son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, had already been eliminated, people estimated that it was only him. After all, although he was miseraby, insta-killed by another contestant, it was still ranked 21st.

The third son of the Demon Emperor definitely had the strength of the top 10 in the entire God Sealing Battle, but what could he do? His opponent was too abnormal and strange. Nobody knew where his opponent arrived from.

The audience also knew that there were a few newbies from large factions participating, but no one could say for sure the exact ranking. None of them were as dazzling as these three newbies.

Under the gazes of countless people, on the screen, the box god said, “Then now, let’s announce the ten newbies of this year one after another…”

[Tenth place: Tian Shang!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: Demonic power is strong, comparable to the divine level. A saber that is fused with the essence, qi, and spirit law of the contracted Demon Blade can kill a true god!]

On the screen, when the words and profile picture appeared, the audience was stunned.

“What?”

“Wait a minute, the third son of the Demon Emperor can just rank tenth among the newbies this year?? Is there a mistake?”

“Could it be that because Tian Shang was eliminated in the second round, its ranking decreased?”

“No, this ranking doesn’t rely on battle results. It’s just based on the test results of the second world’s core and that super divine computer. Tian Shang is ranked tenth. In other words, the super divine computer thinks that there are still nine newbies stronger than him…”

“How is this possible…”

“Not to mention the newbies, even if all of them the old individuals are included, there might not be nine people stronger than Tian Shang.”

Facing this tenth place, majority of the audience was stunned. Although the third son of the Demon Emperor was insta-killed in the second round, his strength couldn’t be ranked tenth among the newbies, right?