Chapter 1468 - 1468 The Ten Supernovas (3)

1468 The Ten Supernovas (3)

The box god said, “As everyone can see, the tenth place among the ten supernovas this year is contestant Tian Shang.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Contestant Tian Shang is very powerful. In the first round, he joined forces with his contracted Demon Blade and defeated contestant Ling Yu, who was 21st in the previous God Sealing Battle, in one hit. He’s ranked among the top ten supernovas. He’s fully deserving!”

In the video, the scene of Tian Shang instantly killing his opponent appeared.

The audience naturally knew that Tian Shang deserved to be ranked among the top ten newbies, but they didn’t understand why the third son of the Demon Emperor was only ranked tenth!

“Actually, when I saw the list given by the super divine computer, I was also very curious, because in my prediction, contestant Tian Shang should be in the top three no matter what…” the box god said, “But there seem to be a lot of monster newbies this year.”

“There are a total of nine contestants. They were evaluated by the system to be stronger than contestant Tian Shang. Although a portion of them have yet to display outstanding battle results and expose all their strength, the shocking power contained in their bodies was detected.”

In a hospital in a duel hall, the third son of the Demon Emperor was lying on the bed, undergoing treatment. He was recuperating, and his expression was as if he had lost his dream. Outside the door, the medical staff in charge of guarding Tian Shang looked at the ranking and looked at each other.

In order to avoid this super divine young master from breaking down and being unable to withstand the stimulation, it was better not to tell him about the ranking.

[Ninth place: World Destruction Dragon!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: A mechanical dragon with a special life form. Its body contains a powerful destructive power. The destructive dragon’s might can shock a true god!]

On the screen, the audience was stunned again when the words and profile picture appeared.

Who was this?

They had never heard of it.

The name was so arrogant. It didn’t look like a name, but a racial name. However, they had never heard of any dragon daring to be arrogant enough to call itself a World Destruction Dragon.

In the video, it showed a terrifying huge dragon, a dragon’s might that looked down on the world, as well as the scene of destruction and the defeated opponent. After the audience saw it, they were shocked.

Some geniuses who had fought Little Ji in the Floating Realm, Zi Lan, Phoenix Man, Lin Rui, Wang Qingqing, and the others who were paying attention to the rookie ranking, swallowed their saliva.

Wasn’t this Shi Yu’s mechanical phantom beast that had absorbed the power of the Ancestral Dragon?

Some Mechanic Masters of the Mechanical Family were also puzzled when they saw this. “Which Mechanical Family is this? Why haven’t I known of it? It’s actually ranked higher than the son of the Demon Emperor… Unbelievable.”

Ninth place, the World Destruction Dragon. Its name was immediately discussed widely, and it instantly became third on the popular list. The ranking had just begun.

[Eighth place: Ginseng Emperor!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: A rare time-element plant, a quasi divine. Its energy level is the highest among the ten newbies!]

It was another unheard-of newbie!

Most people had never heard of this ginseng emperor.

However, in the video, the gentle-looking ginseng emperor in a white research suit raised his hand and released a terrifying ordinary deterrence. It was simply comparable to a divine deterrence. It instantly insta-killed the opponent, forming a sharp contrast.

That was the absolute deterrence shown by Baby Ginseng when it temporarily stepped into the divine level with the power of the Reincarnation Fruit.

In the Blue Wave World, a bunch of geniuses from the Plant Association were stunned when they saw the ginseng emperor on the rankings. This, this, this, this… Wasn’t this the ginseng emperor who created the Cultivation Fruit??

It was actually only at the quasi-divine level? Moreover… it also participated in the God Sealing Battle? It was ranked among the ten strongest newbies?

Many people who were familiar with Baby Ginseng discovered it unbelievable.

Outside the World King Planet, on a battleship, an intelligence officer hurriedly reported to the captain.

“Captain Zi Jian, we finally have information on the ginseng emperor, the creator of the Cultivation Fruit you’re looking for. The other party participated in the God Sealing Battle!”

In the cultivation room, Captain Zi Jian of the cosmic overlord army, who was wearing a battle suit, walked out and said, “God Sealing Battle?”

“Let’s go and find it,” Captain Zi Jian said.

Cultivation Fruit… She had long used it up, and the plant association didn’t have any stock either. It was quite urgent for her to find this ginseng emperor.

[Seventh place: Susu!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: A Cleansing Star Spirit Race that has mastered deterrence that can affect space and time. The cleansing fluctuations in its body are potent and deep!]

The branches of the various regional Environmental Protection Associations were astonished as Susu entered the rankings.

A new cleansing star spirit was born?

In the scene, Susu had fused with the deterrence wave of the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. It had indeed distorted space and time and instantly defeated the enemy. This was power outside the power system of the cleansing star spirit. It was actually so powerful.

“Susu is a new member of the Environmental Protection Association.”

Only when the headquarters of the Environmental Protection Association stepped forward to explain that Susu was a member of the Environmental Protection Association did all understand.

Many factions sighed that the Environmental Protection Association was going to strengthen again.

If the cleansing star spirit was ranked seventh, they would admit it!

However, among them, there was also a large batch of spies from the Dark King faction. When they saw that a new cleansing star spirit had been born in the Environmental Protection Association, their hearts thumped, and they revealed dark expressions.

But soon, the emotions of the spies of the Environmental Protection Association and the Dark King faction reversed.

[Sixth place: World Cleansing Demon Duck!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: The abyss believes in a god and has fused with a super divine level pollution source. The power of the abyss can corrode a true god!]

In the scene, Duckie’s terrifying abyssal power also instantly killed its opponent.

“How can there be an abyssal creature stronger than the cleansing star spirit!!”

Everyone in the Environmental Protection Association was stunned.

“Wait, who is this guy? Without the identity registration of the Environmental Protection Association, it’s impossible for the Abyss Race to participate.”

“No matter who it is, we have to rope it into the Dark King’s camp!” The spies of the Dark King faction felt that it was incredible that an Abyss Race could actually suppress the cleansing star spirit.