Chapter 1460 - 1460 Reaction Of All Parties (2)

1460 Reaction of All Parties (2)

Five years old? Five years old? What a joke!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As soon as this information spread, many people’s first thought was that they didn’t believe it.

However, even if someone wanted to question this extremely unscientific information, they had to see where the information came from.

This was no longer a personal statement, but the official media of the Starry Sky Myriad Races Committee.

It wasn’t that there was no chance of rumors spreading on such an official account, but it was minimal. After this information was hung up for a long time and hadn’t been taken down, everyone was numb.

The reaction here was the strongest in the Floating Realm, because the “rumors” also said that Eleven came from the Floating Realm. Was that for real??

What right did a monster like them, a mere second-level domain, have to defeat the Cosmic Crow Zavay?

Of course, ordinary realm citizens didn’t know, but the Space Emperor could confirm that Eleven was indeed from his Floating Realm.

In the face of a group of familiar friends sending a message to confirm, the Space Emperor replied calmly.

Dong Xuan Region and Heavenly Demon Region.

As the headquarters of the Blue Planet Divine Race, the five super divine ancestors usually cultivated in seclusion in the super divine mystic realm.

Very few people could contact them and find out where they were.

Only on important matters was the clan qualified to disturb them. For example, the most recent awakening of the Kirin Race’s ancestor was the return of the Wind Kirin inheritance.

And today, the super divine ancestors of the five divine races received greetings from the top divine patriarchs of the various races at the same time.

“Ancestor!”

“The genius Shi Yu brought his contracted pets from his mother planet to the Floating Realm. His contracted pet defeated the 79th consecutive champion of the God Sealing Battle, the Cosmic Crow Zavay. With the strength they displayed, they have a chance of completing the champion challenge.”

“If the Floating Realm obtains a permanent teleportation array, our race will be very passive in terms of the ownership of Blue Planet’s resources,” the various divine patriarchs said in shock. They didn’t expect the genius brought back by the Floating Realm to be so monstrous.

In the various super divine mystic realms, the super divine ancestors of the five divine races woke up together.

Although they didn’t have any impression or concept of Zavay, they knew the value of first place in the God Sealing Battle. The value of the champion challenge was an honor that was difficult for even the top 100 races in the starry sky to fight for.

The genius Wang Kong brought from Blue Planet could actually have such an achievement?

“Where’s the genius we brought back from our mother planet?” the super divine ancestor of the Demon Race asked the people behind him.

The current patriarch of the Demon Race said bitterly, “Although his talent is strong, his strength isn’t enough to participate in the God Sealing Battle. At the moment, he’s only in the millionth place…”

“Trash!! If he can’t enter the top 1,000 next year, don’t cultivate him!” the Demon Race forefather said. He walked out of the super divine mysterious realm and looked in the direction of the Floating Realm.

The super divine ancestors of the various divine races walked out of the mysterious realm and headed to the Floating Realm together to discuss the permanent translocation formation with the Space Emperor.

The super divine forefather of the Kirin Race was even more silent. That little brat who brought back the Wind Kirin inheritance actually had such terrifying talent potential?

…

“Aha, hahaha.”

Before Shi Yu arrived home, Lin Feng welcomed Shi Yu midway. His smile made his face look like a chrysanthemum.

“Haha…”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Senior Lin Feng, say something.”

“Hahaha…”

Lin Feng couldn’t close his mouth. “You guys actually really won. That was the 79th consecutive champion.”

“Doesn’t this mean that the first place is stable? A pet defeated Zavay. Zavay can fight that intermediate god. At that time, you can undergo the champion challenge with all the other pets. I feel that it can work.”

“It really works… A permanent translocation array.” Lin Feng was overjoyed.

If Shi Yu could really complete the champion challenge, it wouldn’t be long before he could return to Blue Planet.

On Blue Planet, there was still his second team’s pet and his family.

The feeling of homesickness was heavy for Lin Feng.

After Lin Feng disappeared, Blue Planet didn’t give up searching for Lin Feng, including his parents and soulmates.

Among them, a portion of them firmly believed that Lin Feng was fine, but they were worried that after finding Lin Feng, a long time would have passed. Hence, they entered the cryochamber under the Divine Source’s suggestion and sealed themselves to enter a sleeping state.

This way, even if Lin Feng returned hundreds of years later, they could still maintain their young lives.

Lin Feng felt very apologetic towards these people. Although he had married and had children on World King Planet again… Lin Feng’s heart was still on Blue Planet.

In comparison, because the Space Emperor was ancient, his longing for his family wasn’t that serious. He had too many children. Just his heirs alone were dozens, and he had a harem of 3,000 beauties. He couldn’t think of them at all.

Moreover, the Space Emperor had left too long ago. Even if he returned, there would basically be no familiar traces. After another totem war, things would probably have changed. What he valued more now was Blue Planet’s possibility and the value Blue Planet could bring after upgrading to a high-level planet.

These investments were mainly to make his super divine path smoother.

Now, the main goal of the Space Emperor was to achieve a super divine. Of course, as Dong Huang’s former emperor, his sense of affiliation to Dong Huang was also very strong.

After all, the Space Emperor, who was born in the totem era, had been instilled since he was young to expel foreign races and restore Dong Huang’s thoughts. Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor were all idols unified by the human Beast Tamers under the ideological education of that era.

His previous idea was to turn Dong Huang into a first-rate faction in the entire universe with Lin Feng and the Divine Source Legendary on Blue Planet.