Chapter 1470 - 1470 Archeology Examination Of His Previous Life Body (1)

1470 Archeology Examination of His Previous Life Body (1)

After seeing his previous life’s body appear in the super divine stone, Shi Yu was completely stunned.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In broad daylight, he only felt his head buzzing.

He felt his hair stand on end.

Therefore, Earth was really Blue Planet from the last era. His soul had really transmigrated into a cosmic era and arrived at the future after the reboot.

However, even so, why was his body still preserved and sealed until now?

What confused Shi Yu even more was that in his previous life, he was only an ordinary person. Although he wandered around and had a good physique and wasn’t weak, he couldn’t compare to a super divine physique.

Why was it at the super divine level in his previous life?

“Continue opening the amber to take a look,” the angel super divine said. After saying that, she wanted to unveil the holy light…

“Senior, wait a minute.” Shi Yu hurriedly stopped her and said, “That’s it. This is good.”

“Now that they’re one, if we break deeper, it might affect the ancient items.”

If his arm and leg were broken, Shi Yu would have nowhere to cry.

The angel super divine stopped and looked at Shi Yu.

“I remember. You’re an archeologist, right?” Before coming, she had obtained some information about Shi Yu.

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “Opening an ancient man of an era is considered very important research value to me…”

“Super divine from the previous era…” The dragon super divine and the others looked at their sealed bodies and sighed.

Even super-divines couldn’t withstand the birth and destruction of a universe.

“Perhaps this super divine expert tried to avoid the destruction of the universe by sealing himself with a divine stone. Unfortunately, it didn’t work,” the Phoenix Race super divine said.

“But it’s already extremely difficult to preserve the body completely,” the Kirin Race super divine said. “There aren’t more than ten such era creatures in the entire universe, right?”

“It’s not as valuable as a super divine resource.” The demon super divine shook its head.

Shi Yu was very silent when he heard the discussions of the various super divines. At this moment, his mind was in a mess.

“I think it’s better not to study such a dangerous thing,” the dragon super divine said.

“Even the archeological association didn’t develop anything. Instead, they paid a heavy price. You’re quasi-divine. It won’t be good if you play with fire.”

“I remember that at least three of the five cosmic-level factions have once opened era creatures. Among them, on the World King Planet, the archeological association even carried out research for 800 years on the beings that were opened.”

“They wanted to revive the beings of the era, but they used various methods and failed. During this period, they invited capable people to study it together, and there was no lack of super divine lives who were experts in various fields.”

“There are also people who want to occupy the bodies of beings of the era through soul possession, but once they come into contact with the bodies, all their souls will be obliterated. The compatibility is 0, and there’s no room for recovery.”

“Even if I want to purely create the cadaver of an era creature into a puppet, I have no idea where to start. It’s impossible to achieve precise control. I can only use psychic power to control the body and guide the body of the era creature to make movements.”

“Therefore, this thing isn’t something you can investigate alone. The best choice is still to sell it to the archeological association at a high price in exchange for a certain amount of resources,” the dragon super divine gave a suggestion.

He was worried that Shi Yu would play with fire and kill himself.

At that time, if the God Sealing Battle didn’t end, the permanent teleportation array would be gone.

Eh? Wait a minute, it didn’t seem to affect Shi Yu’s death. It was fine as long as his pet didn’t die.

Shi Yu’s pets seemed to have displayed the potential to get first place without relying on the Beast Tamer.

“Thank you for the reminder, Senior,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll be careful.”

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng were silent. Shi Yu probably only uttered that he would pay attention to the surface.

But at that time, who knew what would happen?

An ancient corpse of the era… The Space Emperor never expected that this super divine stone would open such a thing.

Beside him, Lin Feng also shook his head secretly. Seeing that Shi Yu was interested, he planned to throw it to Shi Yu to deal with.

As long as other era beings appeared, even if it was a wild beast, Lin Feng could be interested.

But now, he was really not interested.

Lin Feng himself wasn’t willing to bring the corpse of an ancient man around every day.

At this moment, chattering sounds came from outside the door.

It was Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others who had formed a party to compete. They had formed a team again.

From afar, everyone heard their argument.

“Roar!!! (Why, why?)”

Perhaps it already knew the ranking of the newbies, Little Ji shouted indignantly.

“Yi! (How can I reason?)” Baby Ginseng was unconvinced, but it was indeed a little guilty.

Sun and Moon Glory+Soul Fruit+Time Mark. With multiple self-destructions, it was indeed not afraid of any opponent on the team.

However, the problem was that this strategy couldn’t be used repeatedly.

If it was used on Eleven, it couldn’t be used on Chi Tong. If it was used on Chi Tong, it couldn’t be used on Buggy…

Baby Ginseng had a headache. As expected, there were too few Time Marks. There were only two of them!

“Quack, duck, duck…” Duckie followed behind Susu and kept explaining. It didn’t have time to care about Little Ji. In its opinion, it was only natural that it was positioned higher than Little Ji.

However, what kind of lousy ranking was this? It positioned higher than its big sister, Susu. Duckie instantly broke out in cold sweat, and its heart trembled… It felt that there were always disorderly people who wanted to harm it!