Chapter 1475 - 1475 Luck Is Also A Part Of Strength (1)

1475 Luck is Also a Part of Strength (1)

After the competition between the World Cleansing Demon Duck and the Wind Mirror, the audience began to believe in the strength of the ten newbies. Perhaps the son of the Demon Emperor was really only ranked tenth out of the newbies this year.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

No one knew what special day this year was. So many monster newbies had actually appeared in one go. The feeling these ten newbies gave people this year was that their strength wasn’t inferior to those ranked in the old top ten rankings. This was ridiculous.

On this point, not only did passers-by feel it, but the top 10 of the last God Sealing Battle also felt the pressure. Some people were worried that they would be squeezed out of the top 10 this year.

“Eleven’s opponent forfeited again.”

“Chi Tong’s opponent too…”

Today’s God Sealing Battle was still the same as before. When the weaker contestants encountered too strong an opponent, they directly forfeited. There was no need to carry out such a battle at all. It couldn’t even have the effect of training themselves.

Just as the audience had predicted, apart from the battle of the World Cleansing Demon Duck that was a little interesting, the battles of the other ten newbies were either forfeited or insta-killed.

“Ming Gu.” In a certain battle facility, Ming Gu was meditating with his eyes closed, waiting for the next battle. Suddenly, a voice sounded, making the eternal second place, Ming Gu, open his eyes.

“Zavay…” Seeing his old opponent, Zavay, Ming Gu said, “What are you doing here? You’re still home after suffering such a serious injury.”

Zavay said with an unfriendly expression, “Are you very happy that I was eliminated?”

Ming Gu chuckled and said, “Of course, I’m happy. I still have to thank Eleven for eliminating you. Perhaps I can bask in its glory this time and get first place again.”

“I hope so,” Zavay said. “We’re considered old friends. I know you need a permanent teleportation array, so I’ll give you a chance.”

With that said, he took out a memory crystal ball and threw it to Ming Gu. “After activating this crystal ball, you can personally experience the battle with that Eleven with my perspective.”

“My ability counters yours, but your ability isn’t countered by Eleven… All the best,” Zavay said.

“You…” Ming Gu took the crystal ball and was stunned. Then, he smiled and said, “Consider it compensation for suppressing me for 79 years? Then I’ll accept your kindness.”

He indeed needed a permanent teleportation array very much. On the other hand, Zavay participated in the God Sealing Battle to challenge himself and for honor. The Cosmic Crow Race had long had a permanent teleportation array. Although the more the better, it wasn’t that urgent.

Otherwise, with Zavay’s strength and a few contract pendants, he could definitely clear the level.

“Take first place.” With that said, Zavay turned and left, leaving Ming Gu alone.

“Don’t worry, Zavay. I’ll take your share and take first place.” Ming Gu didn’t expect Zavay to send such a big gift. When he watched the battle between Zavay and Eleven, he was indeed very confused, but with this, he could probably understand Eleven better.

Before that, he would deal with that lucky Ling first.

…

“That’s it!” On the other side, Shi Yu chose a set of panda pajamas for his previous life after choosing for a long time. It was easy to wear and it was very loose, making it more convenient to study his previous life form.

It would probably be very difficult to wear the other messy clothes.

Unfortunately, Buggy wasn’t around. Otherwise, Buggy could directly imagine a set of clothes to wear.

“Mi!!” At this moment, Little Zi flew over from the room and told Shi Yu that the battle between Shi Yu Ling and Ming Gu was about to begin.

It and Qi in its body were already waiting to watch the battle and asked Shi Yu if he wanted to watch it together.

“No…” Shi Yu glanced at his previous life form on the sofa and said, “I won’t watch. In any case, the winner will be Ling.”

Little Zi: “…”

Little Zi and Qi watched it themselves. They felt that this battle was quite interesting because Ling had already stated that although it could overcome its opponent, the consumption would probably not be small…

…

Battlefield 71717 opened not long after.

The protagonist of this battle was Ming Gu vs Ling.

The attention of this battle could at least be ranked in the top five of all the battles currently underway.

The reason was very simple. The 79th consecutive champion, Zavay, had already been eliminated. Among the old generals, only the 101-time consecutive champion, Ming Gu, was left.

The two of them had almost taken first place in the past 200 years. The other old contestants had always been able to wander behind the third place. There was clearly a certain difference in power between them.

Now that Zavay had lost, it depended on how far Ming Gu could go. Would he continue to be second place, or could he finally overcome Eleven, an opponent that Zavay didn’t defeat?

Apart from that, there was another thing. It was Ming Gu’s opponent. It was very intriguing and lucky to have advanced freely twice. This kind of luck seemed to be the first in ten thousand years.

However, after good luck, it was unlucky enough to encounter the 101-time consecutive champion, Ming Gu. This difference in luck was also a complete gimmick. It reached the top of the trending list and attracted a large amount of traffic.

On the starry sky arena, two figures slowly appeared.

The venue of every combat of the God Sealing Battle was random. Any environment might appear. This battle was the venue of the starry sky of the universe, a huge arena floating in the starry sky of the universe!

“We actually drew such a rare venue.” After Ming Gu entered, he sighed slightly. The starry sky venue had the lowest opportunity of being drawn out of all the maps. It was only 1%.

However, it actually didn’t matter what venue it was. He didn’t have much require for venues, and no venue could weaken their combat power.