Chapter 1476 - 1476 Luck Is Also A Part Of Strength (2)

1476 Luck is Also a Part of Strength (2)

When Ming Gu came out, he also summoned his contracted Ghost God.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This was a strange life form with a black and purple armor body. Its feet and shoulder armor were filled with blue and white flames. It didn’t belong to any large race in the starry sky. It was purely a battle monster cultivated by Ming Gu.

“Huh?” Ming Gu suddenly looked at his opponent. He realized that his opponent was actually a model-like white mini battleship. It was actually a mechanical life form!!

Not only Ming Gu, but most of the audience was also slightly stunned.

They looked at Ling, who had appeared opposite Ming Gu, and fell into deep thought. That Ling who had freely advanced two rounds was a mechanical life form?

As Ling’s profile picture was a white-haired virtual human image on the official website, the audience thought that Ling was also a human.

Just as the audience was puzzled, the image of a virtual mechanical spirit appeared above the cosmic battleship. It was the Lucky Ling in people’s impression.

“It’s really a mechanical life form. Where’s your mechanic?” Ming Gu said calmly. Generally speaking, other races might not have contractors, but mechanical races basically had a mechanic.

Because in the universe, mechanical races were originally races created by humans at the start. Although in other places in the starry sky, some mechanical races might leave humans after becoming stronger and take over, on the World King Planet, mechanics were still firmly in the hands of humans.

“I’m enough alone,” Ling said.

“Master is watching the battle.”

“Then your mechanic is quite strange.” Letting the mechanical pet register for the competition itself while he watched the battle from the back…

Even if he wanted to test the mechanical performance, he should have come to the scene personally.

“What special machine are you? You can actually freely advance twice under such a large base number,” Ming Gu asked again.

Ling said, “Sort of, so you have to be careful. Please do your best.”

Ming Gu was stunned. He had said a few more words to Ling because of Ling’s good luck twice, but he didn’t expect to receive such an answer from Ling.

As for Ling, the reason why it chatted more with Ming Gu was because the other party had a certain replication value like Zavay.

However, the replication value of Ming Gu’s contracted Ghost God was much smaller than Zavay’s. This was because Ming Gu could win 101 championships not because his pet was impression, but because Ming Gu himself was very strong!

Ling naturally investigated Ming Gu. The other party’s talent was very high, and the “divine contract” ability was very abnormal.

The “divine contract” was a special contract method developed by the Beast Tamer in the starry sky of the universe. It was equivalent to the ultimate development of the Beast Taming Space.

It was a “contract” that could only be completed by a Beast Tamer with a certain level of talent.

Ordinary Beast Tamers and pets only signed contracts with “servant contracts” and “equal contracts”. In the “servant contracts”, the master’s side had stronger control over the servant’s side, and it could even decide the other party’s life and death with a thought.

As for the “equal contracts”, it was a relatively normal contract method.

These two contract methods were very popular on Blue Planet.

Apart from these two contracts, there was actually another contract model called the “divine contract”. It was the mainstream contract method on World King Planet.

Beast Tamers with strong talent potential could achieve some unbelievable modifications to themselves and their pets through the contract method of “equivalent exchange” when signing a “divine contract” with their pets.

For example, when a Beast Tamer with outstanding talent signed a contract with a pet, they could issue rules to themselves. After the two parties signed the contract, the growth speed of the companion in the Beast Taming Space was a hundred times faster than in the ordinary Beast Taming Space. And the price he had to pay was that he could only ink a contract with this pet in his life.

Depending on the talent of the Beast Tamer, the form of the divine agreement was also different. 99% of the Space Beast Tamers chose to contract only one pet in exchange for their own strengthening and several times the growth speed of their pets.

There were also a small number of Beast Tamers who could complete a stronger “divine contract” because their talent potential was stronger.

Ming Gu was such a genius. The divine agreement he completed was “The effect of the beast-taming ability can reach ten times the normal state.”

As for the price, no one knew. He could probably only contract one pet.

However, this also made Ming Gu not need to rely on any powerful divine beast at all. Even if it was just an ordinary pet, under the enhancement of his Beast Taming Talent Enhancement Effect, it could defy the heavens and kill gods.

This ability was also the reason why Ming Gu from a second-level domain and not some super divine faction could reach this stage.

Even if the pet didn’t come from a large race, it could still occasionally kill Zavay under his strengthening. If it weren’t for the fact that Zavay could revive twice, Zavay really wouldn’t have been able to defeat Ming Gu with just one life.

“What’s that Lucky Ling saying…”

“Let Ming Gu do his best?” At this moment, the audience discussed, as if they had heard something fun.

“Let me do my best…” Ming Gu also chuckled.

If Zavay, Eleven, and Chi Tong remarked this, he might have been more serious.

However, this little device in front of him, which didn’t even have a mechanic beside it, remarked such a thing…

What rights did it have to do that?

“Could it be… luck?” Ming Gu remarked with a smile.

“Didn’t you hear… that luck is also a part of strength?” Ling also smiled.

“Look, something seems to have changed in the starry sky.”