Chapter 1478 - 1478 Luck Is Also A Part Of Strength (4)

1478 Luck is Also a Part of Strength (4)

“Ah!!!!” Under the sweep of the Starry Sky Storm, the Ghost God and Ming Gu let out a miserable cry. Apart from fusing, it activated its defense-strengthening talent and life-strengthening talent. Only then could the Ghost God and Ming Gu catch their breaths in the Starry Sky Storm.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Hu hu hu hu…

Ming Gu forcefully stood in the corrosion of the Starry Sky Storm. Its body quickly flew towards the cosmic battleship Ling and said, “Even in the Starry Sky Storm, I, Ming Gu, am still invincible. However, I have to say that you’re really a lunatic. Aren’t you afraid of dying in this chaotic storm?”

Ming Gu directly moved in the Starry Sky Storm!

Seeing this scene, the audience was shocked.

“As expected of Ming Gu.”

“Even the Starry Sky Storm can’t trap it.”

“Ling is finished. Although mechanics have more experience in resisting cosmic disasters, in this disaster, they still have to face a strong enemy. I’m afraid they’ll be shattered. There’s no way out.”

The audience locked onto the cosmic warship Ling again, wanting to see what method Ling had used to resist the Starry Sky Storm. Even if mechanics were more experienced in resisting cosmic disasters, it was definitely filled with danger in this environment.

However, what stunned the audience was that Ling, who was in the Starry Sky Storm at this moment, floated quietly in the storm as if nothing had happened. There wasn’t a trace of it on the ship. These storms seemed to have consciously missed it.

“I found you!!” Finally, Ming Gu, who was traveling through the Starry Sky Storm with his strength, tore open a storm and found Ling’s true body. His gaze was unfriendly. Just as he was about to attack, a violent storm directly swept towards Ming Gu and blew him away.

What was going on?

Ming Gu roared. This damn storm. He shuttled over again, but a storm devoured him again!

The audience looked at Ming Gu, who was targeted by the Starry Sky Storm everywhere, and then at the completely unaffected Ling. For a moment, they couldn’t understand.

“When you can’t hold on anymore, surrender.”

“Do you really think I’m just lucky?”

“I created this Starry Sky Storm, it wasn’t naturally formed. As I said, luck is also a part of strength, and I have the absolute strength to defeat all opponents.” A calm voice came from the battleship. In the next moment, under the astonished gazes of Ming Gu, who was blown away, and under the incomprehensible gazes of the audience, a passage slowly formed in the Starry Sky Storm. The warship Ling calmly turned around and sailed out.

“Impossible!” At this moment, it wasn’t just Ming Gu in the storm. A large number of mechanics and cosmic disaster researchers in the audience were astonished by Ling’s words and the changes after the Starry Sky Storm encountered Ling.

At this moment, the battle elf was also a little stunned. She quickly investigated and traced the venue data. Then, she was stunned.

“Starry Sky Storm… Starry Sky Storm…”

“It doesn’t seem to be born naturally… It’s really artificial!”

“This… contestant Ling created the Starry Sky Storm and trapped contestant Ming Gu inside!”

After saying that, countless cosmic life forms who had a headache from the cosmic disaster looked at the battle scene in confusion.

At this moment, the warship had already left the Starry Sky Storm area. A beautiful mechanical spirit figure also stood on the battleship and looked at this beautiful storm scene.

“Devour!!!” In the Starry Sky Storm, Ming Gu lost his ability to think and couldn’t understand. In the face of the terrifying pressure from all directions, he activated the devour ability. His body was like a black hole, devouring the energy that caused them damage.

In the face of Ming Gu’s struggle, the mechanical spirit, Ling, only stretched out its slender hand and gently pointed at the interior of the Starry Sky Storm. A spiritual bead immediately materialized on its fingertip. Then, slowly, this spiritual bead was dyed with orange-red light, emitting hot fluctuations. It was like a mini star as it floated towards the Starry Sky Storm!!

Boom!!!!

When the Wind Spirit Bead touched the Starry Sky Storm, it directly spent many solar storms. The violent storm increased in chaos again. At the same time, it swept out and swept towards Ming Gu.

A huge amount of energy surged over, instantly exploding Ming Gu’s body. With a bang, they produced an explosion and were blown away by the storm with serious injuries.

Until this moment, all the spectators were completely stunned. They had entered early. Seeing Ming Gu being crazily tortured, Zavay, who had entrusted the “hope of first place” to Ming Gu, also fell into deep thought, his body trembling slightly.

[Ming Gu… What are you doing!!]

“What… what a joke…” The audience spoke hoarsely. This, this, what was going on?

That Lucky Ling, who had passed twice, could actually casually control the Starry Sky Storm?? This Starry Sky Storm looked like it was really created by her??

The 101-time champion, Ming Gu… was being beaten up by her?

The audience, who originally thought that Ling was unlucky this time, was stunned.

“Am I still f*cking awake?” In the central realm, outside a certain venue, a contestant from the God Sealing Battle wore spectator glasses and muttered.

“What’s wrong with Ling? Isn’t she a newbie? Didn’t she not get ranked in the top 10? How… How can she have such strength?”

“Wait a minute, could it be that because she freely advanced twice, her strength wasn’t detected? In that case, the son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, can’t even rank in the top 10 of the newbies??”

The son of the Demon Emperor, who had just walked out of the hospital and was about to leave the central realm and go home to cultivate bitterly, stopped on the spot when he heard the shocked voices of passers-by. He clenched his fists in anger, feeling that his noble son’s bearing was completely gone.

…

Super cool!

Another super cooldown!

The monster rookie, Ling, who had yet to be recorded, directly stepped on the head of the hundred-year-old second place, Ming Gu, and ascended to the top of the trending list.

The name of the genius mechanical girl who controlled the Starry Sky Storm instantly swept across the World King Planet.

But at this moment, everyone wanted to know even more who the master Ling mentioned was!!

Ling… was actually a forbidden machine that had mastered a disaster skill. This completely astonished the various large factions.

At this moment, in the sky above the central domain, in the warship of the cosmic overlord army, a top-notch god ran back in panic.

“Captain Zi Jian…”

Captain Zi Jian, who was sitting in his seat, reading an ancient book and eating ice cream, looked at his subordinate and said, “Why, you found that ginseng emperor?”

They came from the camp outside the World King Planet to find the ginseng emperor who could create the Cultivation Fruit. For this, Zi Jian even sent top-notch divine subordinates to find it.

However, this top-notch god’s expression didn’t seem right?

“Captain Zi Jian… I’ve found traces of that ginseng emperor. However, just as I followed it for a while, I was instantly locked onto by the will of at least five super divine levels… The faction behind this ginseng emperor is too terrifying,” the top-notch god stated with lingering fears.

“We can’t afford to offend them.”

“What???” Captain Zi Jian was astonished and instantly felt extremely afraid. Five super divine levels?? What a joke.

“Wait, we’re going to make a deal, not assassinate. What are you afraid of!”

“Captain, five super divines!”

…

In the central realm, in World King City, the five super divines of Blue Planet gathered and asked the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

“What’s going on? Why is Shi Yu’s pet targeted by the top god of the universe overlord army?”

The five super divines on Blue Planet were very nervous and afraid. They couldn’t afford to offend the cosmic overlord army.

“Seniors, I don’t remember Shi Yu offending the universe overlord army… But he’s only a top-notch god. Don’t worry,” the Space Emperor said.

The Kirin Race super divine said, “This isn’t a matter of level. That’s a universe overlord army.”