Chapter 1474 - 1474 Archeology Examining His Previous Life Body (5)

1474 Archeology Examining His Previous Life Body (5)

A guardian-type equipment life form, a mirror life form, and a Wind Dancer were the complete contract configurations of this Wind Mirror.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I know. You’re very strong.” Wind Mirror’s light voice sounded as she looked at Duckie.

“Quack. (Attack.)” Duckie was extremely calm. Otherwise, there would be no chance. However, this venue, the island in the sky, was interesting. It should let Little Ji suffer.

As soon as she finished speaking, the Wind Dancer let out a soft cry and directly summoned the storm formed by the super cleansing divine skills of the spiritual, wind, and undead elements to blow at Duckie!!

Light Wind!

The strongest cleansing skill of the Wind Dancer Race could cleanse all filth. Even after reincarnation, even if it reincarnated 100 times, it would become a good person for 100 lifetimes. Its body would definitely reject the source of pollution.

Of course, apart from this abnormal ability to cleanse the enemy’s battle intent, it was just a basic skill. This was a cleansing skill stronger than a simple Sea Cleansing Spirit.

“Cleansing Light.” On the foundation of such a cleansing skill, Wind Mirror’s cloak fluttered as it held the “Wind Mirror” in hand and aimed it at the Wind Dancer. Using the cleansing enhancement talent, which had been cultivated to the divine level, it was strengthened a second time by the “Wind Mirror Weapon”, forming an extremely strong strengthening ability that bloomed all over the Wind Dancer’s body.

At this moment, the Wind Dancer seemed to dance under a holy halo, dancing with the light wind to cleanse the filthy duck.

“This isn’t a blood counter.” Seeing this, the audience swallowed their saliva. The abilities cultivated by the Beast Tamers of the Environmental Protection Association had always countered races like the abyss. It wasn’t a big problem to skip a level, right?

Perhaps this duck was also considered unlucky? It clearly had strength that far exceeded contestant Wind Mirror, but because it was restrained and outnumbered, it was at a disadvantage.

This duck didn’t seem to have a contractor. It was alone. On the other hand, Wind Mirror was completely armed.

Boom!

In the next moment, a light wind enveloped and covered Duckie’s entire body. Duckie stood on the spot, and the bandage on its eye fluttered in the wind.

The abyssal aura spreading from its body was like a flame encountering water. White mist rose crazily and was completely cleansed. However, the duck was calm, as if a dead duck wasn’t afraid of boiling water.

It often drank the cleansing water as if it was water, indicating that it could still withstand it.

On the other side, Wind Mirror took a deep breath. In the next moment, the bandage on the World Cleansing Demon Duck’s eye was blown away by the wind…

This was the first time Duckie had untied the bandage in the God Sealing Battle.

“It’s over.” In the Blue Wave World, Master Adolf and his disciple, Little Chun, the combination of the Environmental Protection Association that had once given Duckie an assessment, and President Xing Nan, who was watching the battle, were extremely regretful when they saw this scene.

Sigh, Wind Mirror, Wind Mirror… Be more careful.

Why was she blowing away the duck’s bandage for no reason?

As the bandage was blown away, Duckie opened its closed eyes, revealing its dark red eyes. A terrifying aura gradually spread on Duckie’s body. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Duckie’s abyss heart also began to beat strongly.

Boom!!!

In the next moment, the strange, unholy, huge, and deep power of abyssal pollution instantly spread to the Wind Mirror through the light wind, air, and wind. The Wind Mirror’s pupils constricted, and it felt its brain instantly tremble and dizzy. When she recovered, the entire floating island turned into a terrifying abyss filled with filthy fluctuations.

“Wind Mirror…” In mid-air, the Wind Dancer shouted in panic. Its originally light wind elemental body was also directly dyed black at this moment. The power of the abyss slowly corroded its entire body, and it couldn’t cleanse itself at all.

“Hand of Purification!” Wind Mirror wanted to use her other divine-level cleansing ability to assist the Wind Dancer in cleansing, but she suddenly realized that the cleansing cloak she was wearing also quickly filled with the power of the abyss. It couldn’t provide any protection at all.

Her will was instantly corroded.

Wind Mirror’s expression was filled with despair as she felt darkness in front of her. She instantly knew why this Demon Duck was ranked before the third son of the Demon Emperor. Even if it was a junior Abyss God, it was impossible for it to have such a terrifying abyssal power.

Was this the so-called abyssal power that had fused with the super divine level pollution source?

At this moment, the audience saw the whole time that Duckie was only spreading the power of the abyss outside. The entire island, the sky, and even the ground below had become a place like an abyss purgatory. The terrifying pollution ability, in addition to the scene of Wind Mirror hugging her head and struggling in pain, crying, and the Wind Dancer almost turning into an abyss creature… In an instant, countless spectators were afraid.

This…

Even Ming Gu revealed a wary expression. What was this? Even the geniuses of the Environmental Protection Association who were expert cleansing couldn’t withstand the corrosion power… It felt so dangerous.

“Sigh…” Just as all the spectators were afraid of Wind Mirror’s encounter, this so-called World Cleansing Demon Duck sighed and slowly turned around. It picked up the bandage and tied it around its eyes again.

“This world is filthy again…”

With that said, it pressed its two duck palms together, and a blue-gold holy light spread from its body. In an instant, the light enveloped the entire domain. The deep abyssal power seemed to have encountered a frightening existence and quickly disappeared…

Light also enveloped its opponents, and the abyssal power on their bodies quickly faded. However, the corrosion of their will just now had already made them completely unable to withstand it, causing them to faint.

Duckie turned its back to everyone and slowly left the venue…

Only the words [Winner: World Cleansing Demon Duck] were left.

“This…”

World Cleansing… At this moment, the expressions of many people changed. For the first time, they understood the meaning of its name.

“World Cleansing Demon Duck, no wonder it’s ranked before the cleansing star spirit. It does have some abilities.” In the headquarters of the Environmental Protection Association, a figure smiled and spoke. It was Great God Bing Ling. As a super divine level purifier, she also paid attention to this battle.

“This batch is really scammy!!!”

As the World Cleansing Demon Duck displayed the power of the abyss that was enough to ignore the super genius of the Environmental Protection Association and the cleansing power that far crushed the other party, displaying the frightening talent of cultivating both good and evil. In an instant, many old contestants felt their balls hurt and felt the cruelty of this year’s God Sealing Battle.

That Newcomer Ranking… didn’t seem to be a problem. These guys were really ridiculous.

“It’s alright, it’s alright.” In a room, Ming Gu said to his silent contracted partner, “Fortunately, our luck is pretty good. We haven’t encountered these monster newbies. If we encounter these guys too early, we might be a little tired. Although our next adversary is also a newbie, it didn’t enter the rankings. It shouldn’t be strong.”

“Our adversary seems to have freely advanced two rounds…” said a ghost-like creature beside Ming Gu.

“Well, its luck is pretty good, but unfortunately, it encountered us in the third round. I wonder if its luck is good or bad.” Ming Gu shook his head and didn’t think too much about it. Did the lcuky contestant have a chance to be tested by the super divine computer in the second world? Did it have a chance to enter the rankings?

….

“Damn it!!” At the same time, in Shi Yu’s room, Shi Yu looked at the amber that was gradually melting on its own and fell into deep thought. He took a few steps back.

Damn, could this thing still transform itself? Was it because it was too hot today?

Shi Yu looked at his naked physique lying on the ground. For a moment, he quickly found garb and planned to put clothes on this body first. Even if he wanted to study it, he couldn’t keep studying his naked body, right? It affected his thoughts too much.

He flipped through his garb cabinet. Panda outfits, ancient clothes for disguise, old man clothes, child clothes, White Tiger Divine Armor, archeological clothes, and a pile of equipment with strange uses. For a moment, he had difficulty choosing. He didn’t know what to adorn for this super divine physique and his previous life.