Chapter 1471 - 1471 Archeology Examination Of His Previous Life Body (2)

1471 Archeology Examination of His Previous Life Body (2)

[The five super divines of Blue Planet are also here.] After sensing the return of his pets, Shi Yu told them about the situation at home.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Upon hearing that, Eleven and the other pets were immediately stunned.

What???

When they completely entered, they saw a group of people surrounding a biological amber.

Lin Feng and the Space Emperor were here… Apart from them, there were also five guys whose strength couldn’t be seen clearly. They were like ordinary people, but they felt that they weren’t to be trifled with.

The pets entered and looked at the five super divines.

The gazes of the five super divines directly passed all the pets and landed on Eleven.

Eleven blinked. The five super divines… were attracted because of its battle results…

Then, Buggy, the Dragon Race’s super divine, Chi Tong, the Phoenix Race’s super divine, and Ling faced each other one by one. The Angel Race’s super divine and the Demon Race’s super divine were silent.

What did Shi Yu mean?

They had cultivated the descendants of dragons, phoenixes, and kirins, but they ignored the descendants of angels and demons.

Were they looking down on angels and demons?

The angels and super divine demons felt that if they wanted to rope Shi Yu in, they first had to let Shi Yu sign a contract with the geniuses of their race.

In any case, from the looks of it, Shi Yu had already contracted so many pets. He shouldn’t mind having one more.

“Hello, seniors,” Eleven and the others greeted obediently.

“You guys… aren’t bad,” the Kirin Race’s super divine said, especially to Ling. This battleship was a mechanical phantom beast with the Wind Kirin Race’s inheritance, right?

Although it wasn’t an orthodox Kirin, it could be considered half a Kirin after accepting the Wind Kirin inheritance.

He just didn’t know if it was willing to join the Kirin Race with Shi Yu in the future.

“Seniors, Shi Yu’s pet has just returned from the competition and needs to rest and prepare for the next competition. Why don’t we leave first to discuss the changes in the rules?” Emperor Kong said. “While Lin Feng is also here.”

“Alright.” At the moment, this was the most important thing. The five super divines nodded.

A moment later, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the five super divines left. Only Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others were left in the room.

Eleven and the others gazed at the biological amber and the broken super divine stone in silence and at Shi Yu.

“Master, did the super divine stone… only open such a thing?” Ling said.

“This isn’t just a thing!” Shi Yu said. “This might be the most outstanding life form in the last cosmic era.”

Ling: What?

Eleven and the other pets: What???

They had never noticed Shi Yu praise others so generously. Did he receive some stimulation today?

“Ling, collect all the information about the super divine stone and the ancient creatures of the era first,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu looked at his previous life and felt that he was getting closer and closer to solving the mystery of transmigration.

“By the way, you guys have seen the Newcomer Rankings, right?” Shi Yu suddenly rubbed his nose in it.

“Meow!!!” Shorty told Shi Yu happily that it was fifth!!

[Fifth place: Time Sect Master!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: The physique is a pure body of faith that controls a huge amount of power of faith!]

“I saw it…” Shi Yu smiled. “You can actually get fifth place. Not bad.”

In a certain magnificent chamber in the Floating Realm, under the recommendation of the gem cat, the Dragon God, who had eaten the Cultivation Fruit, also uttered after seeing this ranking, “Little cat, Shi Yu’s short cat seems to be your junior, right?”

“Your junior’s power has already exceeded that of a super divine son. How are you feeling?”

The Dragon God stabbed the gem cat several times, making the gem cat’s heart ache to the extreme. It still remembered Shorty’s stupid appearance when it recommended it to Shi Yu. Although it was quite stupid now, why… Why…

Why was its rank higher than that of Baby Ginseng, Susu, and the others? Why!!

“I…” The gem cat felt a huge blow. No, this wouldn’t do. The gem cat had already decided that after Shi Yu finished the competition, it would bring Shorty and the owl to search for treasures.

After so long of investigation, the cat more or less knew where the gem it had picked up came from.

In the universe, the Star Prayer Race was considered a race with weak battle power but very cheat-like abilities.

Their wishing ability was omnipotent at a sufficient price.

The most valiant record was that several Star Prayer Races helped a top-notch god make a wish to break through. The other party actually encountered the ruins of the era when it went out and picked up the source of transcendence.

Therefore, this also caused the Star Prayer Race to be coveted very seriously. Many Space Races yearned to raise a Star Prayer Race as a pet.

It could even treat the entire Star Prayer Race as its exclusive property.

Because of this, the Star Prayer Race encountered many calamities and was on the verge of extinction a few times. There were originally hundreds of clansmen, but now, there were probably very few of them left. They were hidden in various places in the universe. This might also be the backlash of making many wishes.

It was uttered that when the Star Prayer Race was in danger of extinction, the Star Prayer Race had once divided the treasure in the race into seven and thrown it into the spatial crack. They had also made a wish that a creature that could inherit the will of the Star Prayer Race could inherit the power of the Star Prayer Race and prevent the Star Prayer Race from being completely destroyed. Then, they would help the Star Prayer Race take revenge.

The gem cat didn’t know if this allusion was real or fake, but it had indeed been hit by a meteor from outer space and picked up the Star Prayer Race inheritance. Therefore, the gem cat was thinking that if this allusion was real, was it possible for it to find the other six inheritances?

With it as the source, the Prediction Owl and Shorty could help it find it through the Prediction and Treasure Hunting Skill. The gem cat felt that there was a high chance!