Chapter 1479 - 1479 An Inescapable Name (1)

1479 An Inescapable Name (1)

At Shi Yu’s residence.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Lin Feng returned and saw that the ancient corpse was thrown on the sofa in panda pajamas. He fell into deep thought and looked at Shi Yu, who was typing on his laptop.

“What are you doing?” Lin Feng said. “Where’s the amber?”

“It melted by itself. I’m just checking some information,” Shi Yu replied. “Senior Lin Feng, what’s wrong?”

“It’s not a big deal. It’s just that not long ago, your pet ginseng baby was followed by the people of the universe overlord army,” Lin Feng said. “But the other party has already been scared away by us.”

Shi Yu stopped what he was doing and looked at Senior Lin Feng. “Baby Ginseng?”

Lin Feng nodded and said, “Do you have any judgment?”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “In my interaction with the cosmic overlord army, I only have a few encounters with Captain Zi Jian, an archeologist from Zi Jian’s special forces. She admires my talent very much. As you know, she has invited me to join them many times.”

“However, I don’t think it’s because of this. My pet sold the ‘Cultivation Fruit’ and the ‘Reincarnation Fruit’ to the people from Zi Jian’s special forces. If they only followed Baby Ginseng, it’s probably because of this. Given the number of fruits they bought with that little bit of money… they have probably been used up.”

Lin Feng said, “So, it’s for the transaction? Then why are they running?”

“Who knows,” Shi Yu said. “Wait, Senior Lin Feng, didn’t you say that they were scared away by you guys… Why are they so scared?”

Lin Feng fell into deep thought. “It’s probably those five super divine seniors. When they saw that someone was following Baby Ginseng, they locked onto the other party with their thoughts and warned it.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “Anyone who’s locked onto by five super divine levels will run, right? Can you confirm which army they are from?”

There were too many armies of the cosmic overlord army. Even those stationed on the World King Star were divided into several armies with different goals.

Lin Feng shrugged and said, “I haven’t confirmed it yet. The factions here are too complicated, but if it’s Zi Jian’s special forces, it might really be for the transaction.”

“These five seniors are much more reliable than I imagined…” Shi Yu said, “In any case, they’re all here. When I’m free, let them accompany me to the Heavenly Spirit World. Let’s move the Four Holy Ruins away.”

“It’s good to have a big boss protecting you.”

“We definitely have to do this. In addition, they’re not as reliable as you think.” The corners of Lin Feng’s mouth also twitched. “You don’t know how nervous they were when they saw the universe overlord army following your pet.”

“They even discussed it. The five of them will give the warning together. They were afraid that the warning alone wouldn’t be taken seriously.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

“Of course, they’re not afraid of the top-notch god who followed Baby Ginseng, but they care about the reputation of the universe overlord army.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

“However, for people like them, if they know that you want to take away the Four Saint Ruins, they’ll probably be serious for a long time. They might be worried about provoking the Four Saints family.”

“But it’s not a big problem. As long as the permanent teleportation array is in your hands, they will definitely listen to you.”

Shi Yu was speechless. “These seniors…”

Lin Feng chuckled and said, “I can understand them. They reached super divine levels because they were completely lucky. Moreover, there’s actually a story behind their behavior.”

“What story?” Shi Yu was curious.

Lin Feng said, “It happened not long after these five seniors reached the super divine level. At that time, they were also high-spirited and determined to do something big together. After all, they were the five most talented geniuses of the five major divine races. However, something big happened during that period of time.”

“On World King Star, an especially impressive and awesome divine-level appeared. He killed seven first-level world overlords alone, which is seven super divine levels. Moreover, one of the seven super divine levels even had a good relationship with the five super divine levels. We just discussed cooperation not long ago. Tell me, when we encountered such a thing, how could the ancestors of the five great divine races on Blue Planet not be traumatized?”

“What?” Shi Yu was stunned. “A divine level slain seven super divine levels alone?”

Lin Feng nodded and said, “This kind of event is also a legend from a long, long time ago. It’s said that at that time, the entire World King Planet was in turmoil. After that, not many people dared to mention it.”

“It was likely the first time I knew that the five super divines of Blue Planet could also be so impressive. I immediately kept a low profile, afraid that others would also treat them as bosses that dropped resources.”

Shi Yu said, “This person… who is he? Doesn’t the World King care if he kills seven realm lords on World King Star?”

Lin Feng said, “The other party challenged according to the rules and is also a member of the World King Planet. Lord World King can’t be bothered. As the saying goes, even if all the super divine levels in the universe die, it won’t affect the status of these cosmic-level experts.”

“This sentence was said by a universe overlord. At that time, he slain a few disobedient super divine level subordinates, and it was circulated as a famous saying.”

“Anyway, the divine-level beings can challenge the super divines regardless of rank, it’s an unwritten rule, nothing much to say about it. But the other side chose to kill the realm lord instead of going to the battlefield to kill enemy troops. We don’t understand the details, and we dare not inquire casually. All I know is that this divine-level being is now one of the three strongest super divines on the World King Planet,” Lin Feng said.

“It’s a peerless, fearless man,” Shi Yu said. “He slain seven and frightened at least five. He’s too fierce.”