Chapter 1472 - 1472 Archeology Examining His Previous Life Body (3)

1472 Archeology Examining His Previous Life Body (3)

At that time, it would be the strongest god of the Star Prayer Race!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Senior Dragon God, just you wait. Let’s see who’s stronger when the time comes,” the gem cat muttered. Its current wish was to see if it could fuse its nine-element energy bullets like Zavay.

If it could do it, its power would definitely be even cooler. It wouldn’t be a problem to cripple Eleven in one hit.

“You want to compete with me…” The Dragon God pondered. Was this cat serious? What bad idea was it up to?

…

On Shi Yu and the others’ side, Baby Ginseng was rather depressed.

Shorty was actually ranked fifth.

However, Buggy was even more depressed than Baby Ginseng.

Because it was the fourth.

[Fourth place: Worm of Imagination!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: The physique is a pure body of faith that controls a huge amount of power of faith!]

It was ranked fourth, but Buggy didn’t expect that the super divine computer in the second world would be so perfunctory. Even its reason for being on the rankings was the same as that of Shorty’s.

It had finally thought of its battle name, but in the end, this treatment made Buggy very uncomfortable. The consequences were very serious.

Even [Third place: Super Holy Beast!]

[Reason for entering the rankings: One body with two souls, physique as a pure body of faith, and control a huge amount of power of faith!] At least the description of Turtle and Little Quas included their two souls in one body.

The ranking of the Four Holy Beasts in the team was higher than Shi Yu imagined, but this was most likely because they still stored a large amount of power of faith in their bodies.

As for [Second Place] and [First Place], there was no suspense.

The second place was given to Chi Tong. The reason for going on the rankings was to control powerful sword laws, while the first place was given to Eleven. The reason for going on the rankings was that they had the strongest body and at least three top-notch divine skills…

As soon as the complete top 10 rankings were out, it could be said to have caused a huge commotion.

90% of the ten strongest newbies had never heard of it before. This year’s God Sealing Battle was really magical.

Of course, it was just a Newcomer Ranking. It wasn’t something Shi Yu paid attention to. All his current thoughts were on the archeological test. This was because the first place in the God Sealing Battle was a little boring and unattractive.

“Has your opponent for the next battle come out?” Shi Yu asked when he saw that Ling was still investigating.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven and the others replied.

They had come out. They were all opponents above 100,000 rankings and weren’t worth mentioning.

“Quack!!” Only Duckie was caught between laughter and tears.

It was different. It matched the previous batch’s 99th place.

That was fine. The key was that the 99th place in the previous batch was a genius from the Environmental Protection Association who was an expert in cleansing abilities.

Duckie had paired with its “family”.

“Ning. (Don’t lose.)” Susu said.

It didn’t allow this fat duck to rank higher than it and be defeated by other cleansing creatures.

“Quack!!” Duckie patted its chest and promised that it wouldn’t lose.

Shi Yu also smiled and said, “The abyssal creatures have paired with the super genius of the Environmental Protection Association. Alright, I reckon the other party will be traumatized after this battle…”

If the other party had the same personality as Susu…

Just thinking about it, if Susu encountered an abyssal creature that it couldn’t defeat or cleanse no matter what, and then this abyssal creature displayed a cleansing strength stronger than Susu, how devastated would Susu be?

“Did Ling advance again?” Shi Yu said.

“No.” Ling looked over and replied, “Today, I specially removed the Wind of Blessing on my body. Then, a group of contestants perished together. The singular contestants became even numbers. Without the free advance option, I also matched my rival in the next round.”

“Ah, this,” Shi Yu said. “Why did you remove the Wind of Blessing? I thought you could happily advance freely until the finals.”

Ling snorted and said, “That would be too shameless. Moreover, I’m not interested in first place. I just want to move around.”

“However, I feel that my luck should have been too good previously. There was a backlash this time. I paired with that contestant Ming Gu who won 101 consecutive championships and later became second.”

Shi Yu: “Huh?? Your luck backlash is too powerful. From passing twice to matching the 101-time consecutive champion… Why do I feel that the unlucky guy from the Kirin Race came to Blue Planet because you used a large amount of the Kirin Race’s luck backlash on Blue Planet and died…”

Ling unveiled its virtual image and puffed up its face. “Don’t talk nonsense.”

“I’m merely kidding…” Shi Yu said, “The backlash isn’t too strong. It’s just that you were paired to the previous second place. At least, you didn’t match with Eleven and the others… If you guys encounter each other in advance, that’s called bad luck.”

Ling said, “In order to prevent them from encountering each other in the early stages, I applied a weak wind of luck to them. I hope it works.”

Eleven and the others bowed at Ling, but at the same time, they were afraid of it.

Ling was so scary.

As long as Ling wanted to, it seemed like it could completely cheat. It could reverse the wind of luck and make them all unlucky. In the first few rounds, they encountered each other and were eliminated. Then, Ling itself advanced to the finals by rotation…

At the thought of this, they felt that Ling’s ability was too buggy. It could completely use the rules of the God Sealing Battle to win without fighting.

“Eh…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh. Why didn’t Eleven and the others react when they heard that Ling had paired the 101-time consecutive champion? It was as if Ling had matched a cameo. They looked down on people too much.

Ming Gu wasn’t much weaker than Zavay. He had successfully destroyed the other party’s Time Mark several times.

“Master, I’ve summarized all the information I can investigate within my authority.” At this moment, Ling said, “I’ll share my memories with you through telepathy.”