Chapter 1473 - 1473 Archeology Examining His Previous Life Body (4)

1473 Archeology Examining His Previous Life Body (4)

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. With Ling around, he could relax.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

Next, Shi Yu studied the information Ling had given him.

At the moment, he only dared study information.

He really didn’t dare to let Shi Yu open the amber.

However, when he saw his previous life, Shi Yu indeed had a few thoughts.

If this was really him, if it was really him in his previous life, was there any way he could control him?

What the dragon super divine said and the information Ling had investigated showed that no one could control the creatures of the era accurately, even if they were only puppets. The greatest obstacle was compatibility.

But he was different. His soul might have transmigrated from the body of the last era to this cosmic era.

In other words, his soul might have a nearly 100% compatibility with his previous body.

If he could directly control this super divine body, Shi Yu felt that he could take off on the spot. However, although that was the case, Shi Yu didn’t dare to guarantee 100% that this body was his.

After all, he was only an ordinary person. How could he have a super divine body, and who sealed his body?

His transmigration didn’t feel like an accident. It felt more like a carefully planned thing to let the lives of the last era successfully live to the next era.

Even cosmic-level creatures couldn’t exist for two eras, but he did it. This was simply unbelievable.

“Sigh…” Shi Yu was worried. He instantly seemed to have aged by a second.

…

Time passed quickly and it was soon the next round of the God Sealing Battle. During this period, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng didn’t let the five super divines disturb Shi Yu. Shi Yu studied his previous life in peace.

As for Eleven and the others, they still ran to the competition. If nothing went wrong, their contest today would receive more attention.

As soon as the top 10 Newcomer Rankings appeared, it was difficult for them, the monster newbies ranked in front of the son of the Demon Emperor, not to be paid attention to.

The opponents who paired them also trembled and felt uneasy.

Of course, apart from the battles of Eleven and the others being paid attention to, there was another battle that was paid attention to.

That was [Ling] vs [Ming Gu].

As soon as this match list was out, the forum exploded. This newbie Ling, the Ling who had advanced twice without a battle, was so lucky that a group of failed contestants were envious, jealous, and spiteful. They felt that it was ridiculous.

However, as the third round of the name list appeared, Ling, who was extremely lucky, encountered the 101-time consecutive champion, Ming Gu. The group of failed contestants was immediately overjoyed.

When the time comes, fortune turns!

Ling was extremely lucky in the second two rounds. It must have suffered a backlash this time.

Apart from this battle, the audience was most concerned about the battle between the [World Cleansing Demon Duck] and the [Wind Mirror].

The reason why the audience paid attention to the sixth place, the World Cleansing Demon Duck, was that among the ten newbies, only the opponent it encountered had pretty good strength.

For example, the contestants Eleven and the others matched, who were ranked hundreds of thousands, there was no need to pay attention at all. They would definitely be insta-killed again.

A monster newcomer who had mastered the power of the abyss matched a super genius of the Environmental Protection Association. This was clearly even more of a gimmick.

Coincidentally, the World Cleansing Demon Duck’s contest was in front of “Lucky Ling”. As the competition time approached, the audience gradually entered the World Cleansing Demon Duck vs Wind Mirror’s live-stream.

Including contestants like Ming Gu, who had won the championship 101 times, and most of the contestants who were in the 100s before the God Sealing Battle, they also joined with grave expressions.

It was mainly because when they thought of how there were nine monster newbies stronger than the son of the Demon Emperor, they felt a sense of danger.

Until now, there were still people who were unwilling to believe that nine newbies were stronger than the son of the Demon Emperor. This battle might be a very good battle to witness the strength of other monster newbies.

On an island arena floating in the sky, two figures appeared.

On one side was the blinded World Cleansing Demon Duck.

On one side was a female Beast Tamer with black hair. She had a baby face and looked like a child. Although she didn’t have any obvious characteristics, looking at her directly, she gave off a very pure feeling.

“Let’s deduce… Wind Mirror was ranked 99th last year.”

“The son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, insta-killed the previous batch’s 21st place with a single slash. His strength is far greater than the 99th place. There’s no problem, right?”

“And this World Cleansing Demon Duck is several times higher than the son of the Demon Emperor. It’s not a problem for it to be far greater than Tian Shang, right?”

“Therefore, the normal development of this battle… is the World Cleansing Demon Duck instantly killing the Wind Mirror…”

“That’s not necessarily true. Wind Mirror is a perfect god of the Environmental Protection Association who’s an expert in the power of cleansing. She has rich experience dealing with the Abyss Race. Perhaps she can rely on her restraint relationship to reverse the situation. It’s also very common for one thing to counter another thing in the God Sealing Battle.”

“But the problem is… this Abyss Race is ranked above the cleansing star spirit!! The cleansing star spirit is the strongest cleansing race ranked 77th among the myriad of races in the starry sky with just the cleansing ability.”

“Although the contracted pet of the Wind Mirror, the ‘Wind Dancer’, is also a strong race of cleansing, its ranking among the myriad races in the starry sky is already in the hundreds…”

As the audience discussed, Wind Mirror had already summoned its contracted partner, ranked 512th among the myriad of races in the starry sky, the Cleansing Race, Wind Dancer.

An elemental creature floated in the sky. Its elegant figure when flying was like a dancer. The Wind Dancer often appeared in the various major realms. As it flew, it cleansed the dirt and was widely praised.

Apart from the Wind Dancer who appeared beside Wind Mirror, a tool-type pet that looked like a circular mirror appeared in Wind Mirror’s hand. As a weapon, a white cloak appeared behind her, emitting a faint light that isolated all filth.