Chapter 1477 - 1477 Luck Is Also A Part Of Strength (3)

1477 Luck is Also a Part of Strength (3)

As soon as Ling finished speaking, the expressions of Ming Gu and his contracted Ghost God changed. They suddenly felt that something was wrong with this Starry Sky Battlefield.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

White waves slowly spread in all directions on this Starry Sky Battlefield. A huge circular storm eye seemed to have surrounded the entire arena.

This change stunned the audience and also made the battle elf observing the battle situation quickly analyze, “Unbelievable!”

“The prototype of a Starry Sky Storm has appeared on the battlefield of 71717!”

“As everyone knows, the competition venue of the second world is a perfect simulation of various natural environments. The weather and disaster changes in natural environments, such as rainstorms, snowstorms, heavenly lightning, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis, earthquakes, and typhoons, will also appear randomly, increasing the chances of battle.”

“Among them, there might be disasters in the Starry Sky Arena. The Starry Sky Storm is one of them. However, the chances should be very small. Contestant Ming Gu and contestant Ling actually encountered the Starry Sky Storm!”

“Under the Starry Sky Storm, it’s very likely that the battle will be very difficult to continue. Just resisting the Starry Sky Storm will probably take all their strength. There might even be a situation where both parties die from the disaster…”

“Next… if both parties still want to fight, it’ll be dangerous.”

“The best choice is to end the battle quickly before the Starry Sky Storm takes shape, or one of them chooses to admit defeat. Otherwise, after accidentally entering the storm, the battle situation will be extremely uncontrollable.”

After speaking to the battle sprite, the spectators from the various realms who were paying attention to this God Sealing Battle were stunned.

“Starry Sky Storm?”

“Holy shit, a Starry Sky Storm actually appeared.”

“Damn, is this Ling a machine created by Lady Luck? A cosmic disaster actually came to cause trouble in a battle that originally had no suspense.”

“It’s completely up to luck to be swept into the Starry Sky Storm. If they’re lucky, they might be swept into the weak area. If they’re unlucky, they’ll directly be swept into the disaster area.”

“This Ling can’t be lucky enough to win this battle with an accidental cosmic disaster, right?”

The second place in the God Sealing Battle, Ming Gu, encountered the Starry Sky Storm in the battle. In an instant, this hot topic became a trending topic.

It made Zavay and the other contestants, who originally didn’t pay attention to this battle, have no choice but to pay attention.

“The Starry Sky Storm isn’t a big problem either. The power of the Starry Sky Storm in the second world is far inferior to the real universe.”

“Moreover, as long as Ming Gu insta-kills Ling, there won’t be a problem. There’s no need to bet on luck with it.”

“I’m now certain that this mechanical life form is definitely a mechanical race created to mainly cultivate luck. Its luck is too heaven-defying.”

The battle that was already very popular increased again with the appearance of the cosmic disaster, the Starry Sky Storm.

In the starry sky arena, the corners of Ming Gu’s mouth also twitched. If he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have stated so much nonsense to Ling. Damn, the other party’s luck was really good!!

This time, he believed it.

“But do you think you can win like this?” Ming Gu asked. At the same time, he activated a strengthening talent, and light lingered in his eyes.

Beside him, the contracted Ghost God immediately stretched out its palm and slapped in the air. Space ripples rippled above Ling, and this space seemed to be connected. A huge palm a hundred meters long was directly slapped out of the dimension.

Although the palm wasn’t big, it swept up monstrous dark spatial power, as if it contained the power to cover a planet, and slapped at the small battleship!!

“Ming Gu attacked. It looks like he wants to end the combat quickly and instantly kill his opponent!”

The audience witnessed it and felt that the combat was about to end.

However, at this moment, the mini battleship seemed to have also started to counterattack. The scale gradually increased under the nine-colored light. As the battleship increased in size, the nine-colored divine light kept shooting out, making Ling look like an angry hedgehog.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom!!

As the palm landed, light stabbed out. In the next moment, the two parties caused contact. The dark palm was pierced by the nine-colored light until it was riddled with holes. The palm instantly disintegrated, and the space behind collapsed under the light. The battleship also enlarged to nearly a thousand meters in length at this moment.

“This…” The audience was shocked when they saw this. Ling actually blocked this attack.

“You missed the best opportunity to attack.” In the huge extraterrestrial battleship, the mechanical spirit, Ling, sat in the driver’s seat and looked at everything outside before saying calmly.

On the other side, Ming Gu also frowned. He didn’t expect this guy’s strength to not be weak either. He in fact couldn’t hurt the other party with a normal strengthening range.

“I admit that you have some abilities, but this is the end.” Ming Gu felt that he couldn’t save energy anymore. With a wave of his hand, a monstrous light erupted from his body. The aura of the contracted Ghost God beside him also rose steadily. Soon, like Baby Ginseng activating the Time Fruit, it obtained power comparable to the divine level or even exceeded that of a primary god.

However, just as Ming Gu was about to attack again, just as Ling said, he missed the best opportunity to attack. The Starry Sky Storm in the distance suddenly increased in speed. In an instant, the storm formed.

The originally white storm wave began to be dyed in red, green, blue, gold, purple, various colors. Air, electricity, heat, light… The moving and chaotic extraterrestrial energy storm swept up, looking very much like a surging sea, directly devouring the cosmic battleship opposite, making Ming Gu and the others lose their target.

Moreover, it devoured Ming Gu and the contracted Ghost God from all directions!!

“Too late!” Seeing this, Ming Gu instantly fused with the contracted Ghost God and activated the tenfold fusion enhancement state. But even so, the instant devour of the Starry Sky Storm still caused Ming Gu and the others feel great damage.