Chapter 1481 - 1481 An Inescapable Name (3)

1481 An Inescapable Name (3)

“Alright, I’ll be careful. I’ll remind Eleven and the others later.” Shi Yu nodded.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Senior Lin Feng left, Shi Yu looked at his previous life and fell into deep thought.

Primary-level god, intermediate-level god, high-level god, top-notch god… A top-notch god who cultivated a perfect divine skill was called a perfect god. A top-notch god suspected to have broken through the perfect limit was called an epoch god. A perfect god could slightly threaten the weakest super divine level, while an epoch god seemed to be able to kill weaker super divine levels…

Shi Yu was very curious. He wondered if the skill index could break this perfect limit.

…

In the central realm, the World King City, at the God Sealing Battle Committee.

The God Sealing Battle had just started, and they were forced to hold a meeting.

In a glorious conference room, there was a long conference table. Eight perfect gods from various races in charge of the God Sealing Battle sat on both sides and looked at the goateed old man who walked into the room.

“Hahaha, have you all had a headache recently?” As soon as the goateed old man entered, he took out ten photos and slapped them on the conference wall.

The ten photos were surprisingly of Eleven, Buggy, and the others.

“That’s right, President Saatchi,” one of the headless people said. “From Eleven defeating Zavay, to Chi Tong defeating Tian Shang, to Ling defeating Ming Gu, this group of guys listed as the ten strongest newbies has already turned this God Sealing Battle upside down.”

“This is the first time it’s so lively since we started working.”

“Hehe, that’s right,” a furball in a box said. “The various departments under us are about to explode from the annoyance. At the moment, there are more than 100,000 media, family factions, and special institutions here to ask about them.”

“If their information spreads like this, it will cause a huge commotion, right?” A seven-colored planet floated on the seat.

“I see.” President Saatchi looked at the photo and said, “Who would have thought that these ten monster-like newbies all came from the same realm?”

“Moreover, it’s a second-level realm.”

“The one who recommended the God Sealing Battle to them is the realm lord of the Floating Realm, Wang Kong.”

“However, this isn’t the most important thing. Most importantly, there’s an inescapable name behind most of them.”

President Saatchi took out another photo and slapped it in the middle of the ten strongest newbies. It was surprisingly a photo of a human.

“Him, Shi Yu.”

Many members below discussed. If it weren’t for the fact that they were members of the God Sealing Battle Committee and could directly transfer the registration information of the contestants, they definitely wouldn’t believe that these ten newbies with ridiculous monsters actually came from the same realm.

Moreover, the strangest person was Shi Yu.

It was as if it was a clue that connected everything, making them have a bold guess.

“If nothing goes wrong, the champion of this year’s God Sealing Battle will be one of them,” President Saatchi said. “Let’s see what they want to show us later.”

“Will the Floating Realm, this second-level realm, rise because of this?”

“But before that…” President Saatchi pasted another photo. In the photo, it was a huge humanoid skeleton in a wide mage robe. White flames spread from its eyes, deep and cold.

“Luster is the leader of the cosmic overlord army’s 177th Army and is a transcendent-level undead. Just yesterday, the cosmic overlord army’s 177th Army and Zi Jian’s special forces both applied to enter the World King Planet. Among them, Zi Jian’s special forces haven’t shown significant activity, but the 177th Army’s intentions are clear. Luster brought a group of Level 9 Beast Tamers and quasi-divine beings from the cosmic overlord army, aiming to have a discussion with the quasi-divine beings of the World King Planet.”

“Obviously, they’re here to bring about trouble,” President Saatchi said. “Moreover, they’re targeting our God Sealing Battle.”

“These guys really know how to cause trouble,” the box god remarked unkindly.

“Is this bastard military using our quasi-divine as a training tool?” The headless person said angrily, “Wasn’t it enough to abduct so many people last time?”

“I remember it was 300 years ago. This 177th Army came once.”

“Yes.” President Saatchi affirmed and said, “Our authority is insufficient and can’t be stopped. However, considering public opinion, since they’re here, we definitely can’t let them return successfully. We can’t let it be like 300 years ago.”

“Don’t disturb the normal contestants first. Box, you have a good rapport with Zavay in private, right? Just ask Zavay to accept their invitation to battle,” President Saatchi said.

“Yes.” The box fur ball affirmed and sighed in its heart. This cosmic overlord military had really come to bring about trouble at the wrong time. In the past 200 years, they had won 79 and 101 titles in the God Sealing Battle. They had just been eliminated and probably had nowhere to vent their anger… This year, it was also the batch with the most monsters. They definitely can’t be as arrogant as last time.

…

“In the end, I still have to do it myself.” On the other side, the archeological girl, Captain Zi Jian, who looked to be about 15 or 16 years old, personally found the ginseng emperor.

She was wearing daily casual clothes. When she saw the ginseng emperor in a research suit walking out of the fight facility smugly, she was just about to walk over, but suddenly, the ginseng emperor took out a Teleportation Stone and disappeared, making Captain Zi Jian a little speechless.

It left pretty quickly.

She closed her eyes slightly and flashed, teleporting to a street. At this moment, Captain Zi Jian suddenly sensed a divine-level consciousness locking onto her.