Chapter 1489 - 1489 The World Where Only Zi Jian Is Injured (1)

1489 The World Where Only Zi Jian is Injured (1)

“Thank you for the fight!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Yun Race Dragon fell, and the World Destruction Dragon won. Shi Yu didn’t increase Little Ji’s stats nor interfere the whole time.

The new recruit of the cosmic overlord army, Yun Mo, was suppressed by the World Destruction Dragon until it couldn’t breathe. It was either collapsing or recovering.

This guy’s vitality was indeed vigorous and very difficult to fight. Even the ferocious Little Ji took a long time to fight.

“Roar!!!” On the arena, Little Ji gradually recovered and roared, crushing the ground.

The audience looked at the World Destruction Dragon in fear. Its ferociousness just now made the audience like the Yun Race Dragon, unable to breathe. They could only concentrate on its brutal attack.

“This mechanical phantom beast… isn’t simple. It can actually ignore the Yun Race’s radiation and will for such a long time… Shi Yu really dares to play. There were several times when I thought that the World Destruction Dragon was going to turn around and beat him up…” Lin Feng said, “It’s ranked at the end of Shi Yu’s team. I thought it was very weak. Why is it also so heaven-defying?”

The Space Emperor said, “How can it be simple to successfully fuse the dark side of the Ancestral Dragon at the demigod level? As the saying goes, mechanics are the crystallization of all the intelligence of mechanics. There are so many monsters in Shi Yu’s team. As long as this World Destruction Dragon inherits a little talent from every teammate, it won’t be weak.”

“Moreover, Shi Yu isn’t bold. He should have enough confidence to deal with the enraged Little Ji.”

Lin Feng chuckled and said, “That’s true… His main talent is telepathy. His connection with pets is deeper than ordinary Beast Tamers. He might be able to awaken pets at any time. Even if he can’t awaken them, Shi Yu still has a bunch of powerful pets. Even if he fights, he should be able to wake up this berserk World Destruction Dragon.”

“He can play with this strategy as he wishes. There’s indeed no need to worry about the pet’s backlash.”

Susu’s cleansing…

The two of them looked at the super divine skeleton, Luster, wanting to see this super divine-level expert’s current expression.

At this moment, the super divine expert, Luster, was very surprised. He didn’t expect Yun Mo to lose so badly. He had spent a lot of effort to snatch this Yun Race genius from other armies.

Despite his new recruit being defeated again, Luster didn’t say anything. From the perspective of World King Planet, President Saatchi wanted to defeat the 177th Army forcefully and let them leave dejectedly.

However, from Luster’s perspective, it didn’t matter if his three new recruits won or lost. A huge victory and displaying the strength of the cosmic overlord army would attract more geniuses. Losing also meant that there were even more monstrous geniuses on the World King Planet.

At that time, through the A-level Quests Token, the two parties would have a connection. In the future, there would be many opportunities to recruit them. If they could successfully recruit them, the 177th Army would still not lose out. Therefore, this exchange was an open plan. They wouldn’t lose out either way.

“You’re not bad,” Luster said. “However, can it still fight? Do you want to continue challenging?”

At this moment, Luster directly asked. Seeing that Shi Yu didn’t attack the whole time, it didn’t know if Shi Yu had any way to recover his state.

“I’ll continue challenging,” Shi Yu said.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the scene was instantly in an uproar. Countless contestants and spectators of the God Sealing Battle felt that Shi Yu, who had suddenly appeared, was so fierce and awesome. Moreover, the World Destruction Dragon, which was ranked tenth, was so awesome. It was completely unexpected.

In that case, the top 10 of the Newcomer Ranking had the strength to take Zavay’s life??

“Little Ji, come back.” Just as the audience thought that Shi Yu was going to use some Beast Taming Talent to recover Little Ji’s state, Shi Yu made another move.

He indeed retracted Little Ji, who was growling on the arena, and put it back into the Beast Taming Space. Instead, he seemed to have summoned a new pet.

“I’ll leave the next opponent to you.” This time, a short cat that gazed like a white Munchkin cat appeared on the arena.

“Wuu.” As soon as Shorty appeared, it gazed around fiercely and watched as the members of the cosmic overlord army dragged the dragon away.

Little Ji, Duckie, and the others were pets with poor continuous battle abilities in the team. After Little Ji finished fighting, Shi Yu judged that unless he assisted, it might be a little unrealistic for it to fight two opponents of this level in a row, so he recalled it to the cleansing lake in the Beast Taming Space to soak in it.

As Little Ji’s battle power was too reckless and its body was dirty, Shi Yu didn’t really want to support it…

Instead, he recalled the equally eager Shorty to carry out the next round of battle.

The power of Shorty was alright. It wasn’t as good as Little Ji and Duckie without the power of faith, but under the paywall state enhanced by the power of faith of the era in the Four Holy Ruins, Little Ji and Duckie definitely couldn’t defeat it. When the newbies counted, the fact that the White Tiger and the Black Tortoise could directly rank in the top five basically showed how terrifying Shorty and the others were who could mobilize the power of faith of the era without any pressure.

“Meow~”

In Shi Yu’s opinion, Shi Yu’s small action of summoning Shorty was nothing. However, in the eyes of most people who were paying attention to this recruit trial, they were shocked.

Everyone gazed at the summoned Shorty and collapsed into deep thought.

“This, this, this, this.” In the scene, someone raised his arm shakily and pointed at Shorty. “This, this cat, why does it look so similar? It’s the ‘Time Sect Master’ ranked fifth among the 10 supernovas!!!”

“How is this similar? It’s clearly the same cat, alright?” Someone compared it and exclaimed.

“Wait, the Time Sect Master… Shi Yu… Damn, it’s definitely not wrong. Its name is all related to Shi Yu. Wait a minute, the World Destruction Dragon that ranked tenth among the supernovas and the Time Sect Master that ranked fifth are indeed both Shi Yu’s pets?”