Chapter 1485 - 1485 Hurry Up And Invite God Eleven (2)

1485 Hurry Up and Invite God Eleven (2)

As for the two additional pieces, they could allow Shi Yu to take another step forward at the divine level.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For Beast Tamers, after the divine level, it was divided into ten stages. Those who had just stepped into the divine level were at the first level of the divine level. If they broke through again, it would be the second level of the divine level. It meant that every time they broke through, the Beast Taming Space would undergo a tremendous change.

For the growth speed of pets, the Beast Tamer’s own stats would have a greater increase in effect. Apart from that, this level change also determined the enhancement effect of the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Talent and the strength of the Beast Taming Space.

A Beast Tamer at the peak of the divine level could basically casually increase the battle power of a junior god with ordinary strengthening talent to a high-level god. He could also turn the Beast Taming Space into spatial arms to suppress weak gods. A Beast Tamer at the peak of the divine level, even without additional battle power like pets, could forcefully sign a master-servant contract with a junior god and firmly control them with the Beast Taming Space.

At the moment, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng were both at the tenth level of the divine level. At the peak of the divine level, their levels were very fierce. However, it was also because the two of them had invested the focus of their cultivation and resources in themselves that their pets didn’t have a perfect god.

In addition to the feedback of the pet’s breakthrough, the Space Emperor estimated that these three meditation jades could allow Shi Yu to cultivate to the third level of the divine level in a few months. This was already a very shocking improvement speed.

Even the Floating Realm didn’t have any reserves for such resources. They were even more precious than divine-level cosmic crystals. The Space Emperor and Lin Feng couldn’t even bear to give their sons such resources. It was too wasteful. Their speed had increased, but it burned money. Basically, only geniuses heavily nurtured by super divine factions had the confidence.

Even among the resources that the Environmental Protection Association could exchange, there was no such thing. It had probably been divided internally.

As for defeating the three new recruits of the universe overlord army in a row, apart from the two resources mentioned above, it was time for the highlight. He could obtain the “super divine stone” and the “A-level Quests Token”.

Although the mechanism of the super divine stone was relatively scammy, its value and rarity were indeed above ordinary super divine level resources. An unopened stone could be exchanged for many other super divine resources. It was also a very valuable resource.

This was also Shi Yu’s goal.

As for the A-level Quests Token, it could allow the 177th Army to give it to the user for free to carry out an A-level Quest. The nature of the cosmic overlord army was similar to that of a mercenary. As long as they were given enough money, they would do almost anything. As for the mission token issued by the cosmic overlord army, they could freeload labor.

Three consecutive wins were the highest reward. The rewards after four consecutive wins were gone. It seemed that the cosmic overlord army didn’t think that anyone could defeat their four new recruits in a row.

This wasn’t arrogance, but the universe overlord army… really had this strength. The new recruits they could send weren’t as simple as new recruits in name. They were all carefully selected kings of new recruits from countless demigods in the universe, from various races.

“Roar!!!” For example, the new recruit fighting Zavay now was a Yun Race Dragon, one with very terrifying strength. Under the roar of the Yun Race Dragon, Zavay’s condition was extremely poor, and it looked tired.

Countless media outlets were following the situation in this battle. Until now, no one had been able to defeat this Yun Race Dragon guarding the first level. The other party’s terrifying strength made everyone feel that it was close to the top five of the God Sealing Battle.

Initially, that was what everyone thought. However, as Zavay fought, the strength the other party displayed wasn’t as simple as the top five. Even Zavay seemed to have fallen into a disadvantage.

In the dark land, the power of pollution spread and constantly corroded Zavay. Zavay also kept using time to slow down to prevent the Yun Race’s radiation from worsening on his body. He even used Time Reversal to cleanse the pollution on his body.

This was difficult to stop. The powerful radiation pollution made Zavay consume a lot of energy. Even its five-element defense combination skill couldn’t withstand it. As for its five-element attack combination skill, although it could heavily injure the Yun Race Dragon every time, it couldn’t withstand it. As an elemental life form, it wasn’t so easy to completely destroy this Yun Race Dragon.

At this moment, President Saatchi’s expression was calm, but he was burning with anxiety. He could tell that the current Zavay couldn’t let go at all. If there were still two Time Marks, this Yun Race Dragon was definitely not Zavay’s match.

Unfortunately, Eleven had already removed Zavay’s Time Mark. If it wanted to condense the Time Mark that recorded its current realm again, it would take a year even if it used a large number of time-element resources.

“This Zavay is quite disadvantaged toward this moment,” the Space Emperor said.

“Well, although the pollution power of that Yun Race Dragon isn’t because strong as Duckie’s full battle power, it’s not bad. Moreover, its physique is even stronger than Duckie,” Shi Yu said rather seriously.

The cosmic overlord army genuinely didn’t refuse anyone. As expected of a “neutral” faction in the universe. There were probably many races unpopular on World King Planet under them. Perhaps there were yet cosmic behemoths.

If the new recruits of the cosmic overlord army were all at this level, it was genuinely not easy to defeat three consecutively. Even first place, like Zavay, and second place, like Ming Gu, in the God Sealing Battle weren’t easy.

“What a pity. The ‘Yun Mo’ of the cosmic overlord army has recovered again. Although its body has already shrunk to more than pair meters tall after it recovered this time, contestant Zavay’s condition is additionally extremely poor. After contestant Zavay was polluted, it didn’t choose to reverse time again, nor did it slow down the spreading speed of the radiation on its body. Is it weak?” A reporter appeared toward the battle scene and was extremely nervous.