Chapter 1483 - 1483 An Inescapable Name (5)

1483 An Inescapable Name (5)

“Is that all? I’m not interested.” Zi Jian hung up and looked at Shi Yu again. “Let’s continue.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If you want the super divine stone, I don’t have it in my hands now… Huh?” Captain Zi Jian was suddenly stunned. He thought of something and said, “Wait, there seems to be something in the 177th Army.”

“177th Army? Super divine stone?”

Zi Jian smiled and said, “That’s right. The 177th Army seems to have obtained a super divine stone not long ago, but my relationship with them isn’t very good. If I can successfully get it, we’ll do one trade first.”

…

After Shi Yu sent Captain Zi Jian away, he leaned against the sofa and sighed deeply. He didn’t comprehend if it was correct to deal with the cosmic overlord army, but Captain Zi Jian was indeed generous. There were many methods to deal with things, like super divine stones.

“Master.” At this moment, Ling and the others appeared one after another. Just now, Shi Yu was discussing business, so they chose to avoid him.

“Master, did you see my battle today?” Ling said. “Ming Gu’s contracted Ghost God’s Dark Devour skill appears to be pretty good. It’s very suitable for Eleven. It’s a low-level replacement for the Black Hole divine skill. Unfortunately, it encountered my Starry Sky Storm and exploded them.”

“I took a look.”

“Very good,” Ling said.

“In addition, I heard your transaction conversation just now. The chances of Captain Zi Jian coming for the super divine stone of the 177th Army of the cosmic overlord army aren’t high.”

“Why?” Shi Yu was stunned. “You still know about the 177th Army?”

Ling said, “The cosmic overlord army, the 177th Army, is one of the ten armies of the cosmic overlord armies stationed in the Cosmic Sea. The in-charge is a super divine level undead expert. Lust, who is also the person with whom Captain Zi Jian just hung up on… Yesterday night, the 177th Army arrived at the World King City and decided to let the new army communicate with the geniuses of World King Planet. The super divine stone is the prize they announced.”

“The arrival of the 177th Army has already caused an uproar on the Internet today. It’s mentioned that the Cosmic Crow Zavay is about to fight.”

Shi Yu was stunned. “What’s this?”

Ling said, “Master, you can roughly understand that the cosmic overlord army came to the World King Planet to contest us, just like how you once represented Ancient Capital University to challenge Imperial Capital University.”

“During the God Sealing Battle, many geniuses from the World King Planet gathered in the central realm. The 177th Army brought their geniuses to invite these geniuses to battle. Among them, the super divine stone is one of the prizes they took out. Perhaps they can take away resources from the cosmic overlord army if they reach any conditions.”

“Huh??” Shi Yu and the surrounding pets were stunned.

“Is this 177th Army here to do charity on the World King Planet? Do you mean that we can get the super divine stone just by defeating them?”

Ling said, “That’s roughly what it means, but it’s definitely not doing charity. The new recruits of the cosmic overlord army are also outstanding among demigods. They’re very strong, not inferior to the top 10 of the God Sealing Battle. There are also people comparable to first place. They’re all super geniuses they recruited from the entire universe.”

“Don’t forget, the cosmic overlord army is the strongest faction in the entire universe.”

“And they won’t do any losing deals. Usually, this kind of contest is their ‘conscription method’. I’ve investigated. 300 years ago, this 177th Army came to cause trouble during the God Sealing Battle. After that, the 177th Army, which displayed powerful strength and financial resources, acquired a lot of new blood the next year. Many geniuses from the World King Planet joined the cosmic overlord army and became army recruits.”

“Master, you can understand that they’re here to advertise with resources.”

“Of course, considering our strength, you can also understand that they’re here to send resources. Master, if you’re tempted, quickly take action. Don’t let Zavay and the others, who have nothing to do after we eliminate them, take advantage of the opportunity.”