Chapter 1486 - 1486 Hurry Up And Invite God Eleven (3)

1486 Hurry Up and Invite God Eleven (3)

“Zavay…” In a certain hospital, Ming Gu, who was recuperating, was lying on a hospital bed. He looked at the current situation of the live broadcast on the wall screen and frowned. Damn it, what exactly was going on this year?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Back then, he and Zavay were so high-spirited.

But now, why could anyone step on them?

“Crow, I advise you to admit defeat. Otherwise, when the radiation power goes deep into your life source, it won’t be that easy for you to obtain cleansing.” Yun Mo laughed and mocked Zavay.

This was the first place in the God Sealing Battle?

Before it could laugh again, Yun Mo’s expression stopped upon seeing Zavay’s figure instantly disappear. At the same time, a huge hole appeared in Yun Mo’s stomach. After Zavay appeared in the distance again, Yun Mo’s elemental core was directly pinched by Zavay’s hand which was shining with five-colored light.

“You’re very long-winded. If it weren’t for the fact that I’m not at my peak now, you would have long been unable to make a sound.” After Zavay finished speaking, it crushed the elemental core, causing a crack to appear. Then, it looked up.

“Huh?” Above, out of the three important figures, Captain Zi Jian said in surprise, “Zavay is pretty ruthless to itself. It actually ignored the pollution and used the last bit of strength to accelerate time for itself. Its timing isn’t bad. It’s when Yun Mo is at its weakest.”

“Huh?” Luster was also quite surprised. Time Deceleration and Time Reversal to deal with the Yun Race were indeed not bad skills, but Time Acceleration was undoubtedly a self-mutilating skill. Once Time Acceleration was accelerated, the pollution speed would also increase. Zavay actually chose this move in order to win.

“Great God Zavay won!!!” As Zavay threw the elemental core to the ground and the meteor dragon on the arena fell, the reporter and audience were overjoyed. However, in the next moment, Zavay itself, trembling and partially kneeling, reached the end of its strength.

“Damn it.” Zavay was indignant. If it weren’t for Eleven… Eleven forcefully sealed its mind, causing it to faint with a blurry consciousness and hand its cleansing quests to the God Sealing Battle Committee.

The scene fell silent again.

Seeing that Zavay and Yun Mo had fallen, for a moment, everyone looked at the platform. At this moment, the super divine expert, Luster, said, “Although both parties have lost their ability to fight, let’s consider contestant Zavay the winner.”

“To be able to defeat Yun Mo, who’s ranked third among the new recruits of our 177th Army, its strength isn’t bad. It’s worth commending.”

“Under the nurturing of our army, Yun Mo eats pollution sources that contain top-notch divine power as food every day and even successfully refines a wisp of super divine level pollution sources. It’s not easy for Zavay to fight to this extent under pressure.”

Upon hearing Luster’s words, President Saatchi said unkindly, “Zavay consumed a lot of energy in the God Sealing Battle. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have fallen after dealing with Yun Mo.”

“Is that so?” Luster chuckled and said, “Then, is there anyone stronger than him? Our new recruits are still waiting.”

Luster’s words stumped President Saatchi. Apart from Zavay, the God Sealing Battle Committee indeed didn’t inform anyone else in order to not affect the other contestants participating.

“It’s alright, we can wait,” Luster said. “Next, until the end of the God Sealing Battle, our army will carry out the recruit trial here. We also welcome this contestant Zavay. After Zavay recovers its state, it can challenge again.”

After Luster finished speaking, the contestants and spectators of the God Sealing Battle of the various realms gritted their teeth.

Be it the Yun Race or the cosmic overlord army, most of the people on World King Planet were naturally unanimously xenophobic.

However, everyone also understood that the cosmic overlord army was incomparably terrifying. Just a new recruit of the 177th Army was actually so strong. Although Zavay didn’t have two Time Marks, it could actually combat a life-and-death Zavay to a draw. This dragon definitely had the might of the top three of the God Sealing Battle, which was close to the strength of Zavay and Ming Gu.

In the end, in Luster’s words, Yun Mo was only the third-ranked recruit of the cosmic overlord army’s 177th Army?

What a joke…

“This is also normal… After all, that’s the Yun Race… I wonder which is stronger, it or that World Cleansing Demon Duck,” a Beast Tamer who had been to the battlefield said with his scalp numb.

The Yun Race, the Qi Race, the Abyss Race, the Flame Race, the Disaster Race, and more than ten other polluted races were all center races under the Dark King. Their racial strength wasn’t necessarily inferior to the large races ranked at the top of the myriad races in the starry sky!

Although they didn’t have the chance to participate in the ranking war of all races organized by the World King Planet because their faction camps were different, to be able to rely on more than ten races to combat the cosmic races of the World King Planet, the races under the Dark King couldn’t be simple to deal with.

The Yun Race, Insect Race, and the Space Behemoth Race… Although these races were unknown among the myriad of races in the starry sky, no one dared say that they were weak.

“Where’s God Eleven…” At this moment, the audience watching the recruit trial of the cosmic overlord military thought of Eleven, who had defeated Zavay. At this moment, only God Eleven could defeat the arena set up by the cosmic overlord army.

“Hurry up and invite God Eleven!! The opponents who matched God Eleven in the God Sealing Battle, if you know your place, admit defeat. Let God Eleven take time to choose this arena!”

“And God Ling!” The contestants of the God Sealing Battle and the audience were noisy.

Some people also felt that it was difficult for Eleven. After all, Eleven could defeat Zavay by self-mutilating. It was alright to win one war in this state, but it was probably very difficult to win three consecutive battles.