Chapter 1484 - 1484 Hurry Up And Invite God Eleven (1)

1484 Hurry Up and Invite God Eleven (1)

The matter of the cosmic overlord army’s 177th Army descending in World King City to carry out the recruit trial and invite the contestants of this God Sealing Battle quickly fermented on the Internet.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven defeated Zavay, Chi Tong killed the son of the Demon Emperor, and Ling’s Starry Sky Storm crushed Ming Gu. These news stories came and went quickly. On the planet in the center of the Cosmic Sea, no topic could consistently occupy the absolute mainstream.

World King City, Epoch Square. A huge super battleship group surrounded the square. At this moment, this place had already become the training venue for the new recruits of the 177th Army. On the throne in the sky, an incomparably terrifying skeleton god was sitting upright in the sky.

Next to it sat two people. One of them, due to his unique profession, was only a divine-level Beast Tamer, but his expertise in archaeology gave him a status within the army comparable to Captain Zi Jian of the special forces, who was equivalent to a demigod.

The other was the president of the World King Planet’s God Sealing Battle Committee, Sa Qi. Although President Sa Qi was also at the divine level, his pets were several top perfect gods. He had the battle record of joining forces with his pets to hunt foreign super divines on the battlefield. His battle record was even fiercer than that of Lin Feng and the Space Emperor.

Lin Feng and the Space Emperor cooperated with 20 pets to hunt a weak super divine that had just fought other super divines.

As for him, he was a super divine at his peak who had killed a few pets head-on. He was also a Legendary-level figure on World King Planet.

Although it was said that after that battle, President Saatchi was also seriously injured and only one pet died, paying a huge price, no one dared underestimate this old man. Now that he had retired and taken over the idle position of the God Sealing Battle Committee, no one thought that he wasn’t qualified to sit with a super divine.

“President Saatchi, Zavay is pretty strong.” The skeleton super divine, Luster, said in a deep voice, “Captain Zi Jian, what do you think?”

“Yes, yes, yes,” Zi Jian said perfunctorily. She came here to ask Luster for the super divine stone, even if it was a transaction. However, who knew that Luster would make use of this and show off.

However, Luster also expressed that as long as no one could take away this super divine stone at the end of the recruit trial, there was no harm in giving it to Captain Zi Jian.

The premise was that Captain Zi Jian would give it face and visit the new recruit trial with it. Moreover, she had to help their 177th Army crack a super divine ruin.

Because Zi Jian wanted the super divine stone, she agreed. As for President Saatchi, he was here to supervise Luster. If there were no big shots presiding over the World King Planet, he believed that the cosmic overlord army would dare poach people on the spot, and with him presiding over here, Luster would undoubtedly restrain himself a lot.

At this moment, Epoch Square was surrounded by soldiers of the cosmic overlord army’s 177th Army and members of the various factions in World King City. The major media outlets were allowed to broadcast the situation here passionately.

Because of this matter, the attention of the God Sealing Battle decreased a lot. Countless spectators were watching the “exchange” here.

Outside Epoch Square, Shi Yu, Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, and the others finally arrived at the scene. After entering, they found an audience seat around the arena in the center of the square and sat up.

After learning that Shi Yu wanted to fleece the cosmic overlord army, the five super divines on Blue Planet immediately lowered their faces. They didn’t doubt Shi Yu’s ability, but it was precisely because Shi Yu had this ability that their stomachs hurt with anxiety.

They kept feeling that Shi Yu was in a little danger. He was not stable and cautious enough. He was too reckless.

However, Emperor Kong and Lin Feng chuckled out loud and felt that it was not a big problem.

“This 177th Army is quite rich,” Lin Feng said as he looked at the arena.

“That’s right.” The Space Emperor nodded and said, “Why didn’t I encounter such a good thing before?”

This new recruit trial of the cosmic overlord army was in the form of an arena!

The newly recruited elites of the cosmic overlord army would defend the arena. The Level 9 rookies of the World King Planet could challenge them.

After winning one match, he could obtain a shocking reward. If he successfully challenged the arena consecutively, the reward would increase.

At the moment, the announced prize was that defeating a new recruit of the 177th Army could obtain 20 divine-level cosmic crystals.

Just the first level reward alone made many demigods and even divine-levels envious. After all, the worth of cosmic crystals was much higher than divine-level resources of the same level, and the cosmic overlord army took out 20 at once.

It could roughly support Shi Yu to travel to Blue Planet and World King Planet 10 times.

And this was only the beginning. After defeating two new recruits in a row, apart from the 20 cosmic crystals, he could also obtain three meditation jades.

If it was uttered that 20 stellar gemstones were nothing to a second-level realm lord like the Space Emperor, then the meditation jade began to be a good thing.

“Shi Yu, these three meditation jades should be able to allow you to reach the third level of the divine level in a short period of time,” the Space Emperor said. “Work hard to get them back!”

“You’re still a distance away from the divine level, right?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu was also extremely tempted. The meditation jade was a cultivation resource targeted at human Beast Tamers! The effect was actually no different from those low-level cultivation resources. It could accelerate the effectiveness of meditation and increase the level of the Beast Tamer.

Although the effect was simple, the increase was really huge.

It was uttered that a new Level 9 Beast Tamer with normal talent could break through to the divine level in a year as long as he used a meditation jade to assist in his cultivation.

As for Shi Yu, he had the enhancement of the Cultivation Fruit, the Planet Blessing, and so on. If he had another meditation jade, after the God Sealing Battle ended, it was definitely stable for him to immediately break through to the divine level. Moreover, both Beast Taming Spaces could reach the divine level.