Chapter 1482 - 1482 An Inescapable Name (4)

1482 An Inescapable Name (4)

She looked up and chased after him fearlessly.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Just divine-level? Didn’t they say it was five super divines?” she said.

“Little Wang, this person…” During this period, Blue Planet’s Five super divines, who had been in charge of protecting Shi Yu and Shi Yu’s various pets, were immediately shocked when they saw Zi Jian’s appearance.

“Yes, she’s the top archeologist of the cosmic overlord army, Captain Zi Jian… Her status in the cosmic overlord army is comparable to a super divine. As expected, she came to find Baby Ginseng.”

“The other party shouldn’t be an enemy. Leave this matter to Shi Yu to deal with himself,” the Space Emperor said.

“Yi…” At this moment, Baby Ginseng also walked out of the other wall and looked at Zi Jian with a serious expression.

Seeing that the ginseng emperor was finally willing to appear, Captain Zi Jian smiled and said, “Teacher Ginseng, it’s really not easy to see you. The Cultivation Fruit… is your masterpiece, right?”

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng nodded. Captain Zi Jian must like it too!

Zi Jian didn’t care how many super divine levels there were behind Baby Ginseng. She went straight to the point and said, “Then I’ll get to the point. I want to carry out a long-term transaction with you. I need you to provide me with a batch of the highest-level Cultivation Fruits you can create every year. Are you interested?”

At this moment, after realizing the powerful faction behind this ginseng emperor, Zi Jian also gave up on the idea of directly inviting the ginseng emperor to work for him. Now, he only wanted to reach a cooperation.

“Yi! (This, I can’t make the decision. You talk to my boss. Follow me.)” Baby Ginseng said.

“Alright,” Zi Jian said. “Teacher Ginseng, please lead the way.”

At this moment, Shi Yu had already known what was going on through telepathy with Baby Ginseng. He quietly waited for Captain Zi Jian’s arrival in his residence.

Soon, there was a knock on the door. Shi Yu personally opened the door. Outside the door, Captain Zi Jian, who had followed Baby Ginseng, was stunned when she saw Shi Yu.

“Captain Zi Jian, long time no see.” Shi Yu grinned and said, “It’s been more than half a year since we last separated in the Four Holy Ruins, right?”

“Yi! (It’s my boss.)” Baby Ginseng said.

After being stunned, Captain Zi Jian grinned and said, “So you’re the one selling the Cultivation Fruits and the Reincarnation Fruits behind the scenes.”

“I recall your name is… Shi… Shi… Shi Yu, right? Wow, it hasn’t been long. I still remember your name.”

She smiled and observed Shi Yu. She never expected to see him in this way.

Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Captain Zi Jian is really forgetful. I thought that Captain Zi Jian would recall me, the ‘archeological genius’ you personally acknowledged, for the rest of yout life.”

Zi Jian straightaway walked into the house and said, “I’m busy with work every day, so I don’t have time to recall you. But if the next cooperation goes smoothly, I might be able to remember you.”

Shi Yu invited Captain Zi Jian into the living room and said, “I already know why Captain Zi Jian is here. We can cooperate, but I want to trade through a designated resource.”

“What?” Captain Zi Jian asked.

Shi Yu made a cup of tea and said, “Super divine stone, I want the super divine stone. Of course, the price of the super divine stone is even more expensive than the Cultivation Fruit. How many Cultivation Fruits can a super divine stone be exchanged for? Captain Zi Jian, tell me the number.”

Captain Zi Jian looked at him and said, “Super divine stone? You know how to want it. I also like this thing very much. If I give it to you, I’ll have much fewer toys.”

Shi Yu said, “Isn’t the Cultivation Fruit good? Stone gambling is so boring.”

Zi Jian: “?”

“Do you have some special hobby?” Zi Jian suddenly thought of the disgusting taste of the Cultivation Fruit and couldn’t help but say with a dark expression.

“Cough, cough, cough. That’s the nature of the Cultivation Fruit. I mean, its effect.”

“Captain Zi Jian, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but the baby ginseng is merely quasi-divine-level. It hasn’t reached the divine level yet. But even so, the effect of its Cultivation Fruit is already so obvious. I guarantee that it can advance to the divine level in less than three years.”

“At that time, the effect of the Cultivation Fruit will be even more perfect. Therefore, you won’t lose out by exchanging the super divine stone. I’ll make up for your losses in numbers.”

Captain Zi Jian looked at Baby Ginseng, who was resting its face beside him, and suddenly realized that yes, this ginseng emperor was merely at the quasi-divine level at the moment. The Cultivation Fruit was created by a quasi-divine-level life form!

If Baby Ginseng reached the divine level, the effect of the Cultivation Fruit would be even more helpful to her.

“If the taste of the Cultivation Fruit can be improved, the transaction can continue,” Captain Zi Jian said.

“This can be done slowly,” Shi Yu said.

He knew that as a top-notch archeologist of the universe overlord army, Captain Zi Jian definitely had many channels to obtain the super divine stone. Shi Yu, who had opened the stone once and obtained his previous life, had already fallen in love with this feeling.

What skill fusion and evolution? It was already outdated.

Coupled with the gem cat’s wish and Ling’s good luck, opening the stone made Shi Yu feel even more fun.

This was also considered… archeology!

At this moment, Captain Zi Jian’s communication device suddenly rang. Zi Jian took it out and took a look. She originally wanted to hang up, but when she saw Luster’s name on it, she picked it up with an unfriendly expression. At the same time, she remarked to Shi Yu apologetically, “Sorry, I have some bones to pick.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Luster, what’s the matter?” Zi Jian picked up the communication device and asked directly.

“Girl, I heard from my subordinates that your special battle team is also in World King City. Are you interested in watching our new recruit performance together?”