Chapter 1480 - 1480 An Inescapable Name (2)

1480 An Inescapable Name (2)

“Hehe, it’s indeed fierce,” Lin Feng said. “I feel that you also have this potential after reaching the divine level. However, in the end, it’s also related to some super divine beings being too weak.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Senior Lin Feng, how strong are your and Senior Space Emperor’s battle powers now?” Shi Yu asked.

Lin Feng shook his head and said, “It’s been a long time since we’ve improved much. Our current goal is to nurture a perfect god. At that time, the two of us should have a high chance of winning against a super divine level like the five major divine races on Blue Planet.”

“Compared to the monster I told you about just now, there’s still a huge difference. I guess he might have broken the perfect limit!”

“The perfect limit can be broken?” Shi Yu asked.

He still remembered that when he first arrived at the World King Planet, Lin Feng and the Space Emperor had told him.

The divine level was the process of condensing the Heart of God, cultivating the level of a divine skill, and increasing one’s divine power.

Those who had just stepped onto the divine level were junior gods and low-level gods. As the divine power in the Heart of God increased, they would be promoted to intermediate-level gods, high-level gods, and top-notch gods. At every stage, after breaking through a threshold, they would be tempered by divine power and reborn, allowing their strength to take a qualitative leap.

Among them, the highest level of cultivation of divine skills at the divine level was the perfect level. After reaching it, there would be a bottleneck, and one would be unable to cultivate divine skills to transcendence.

Generally speaking, there were two types of top-notch gods. One was a god who relied on various strengthening resources and cultivated a large number of ordinary and trash divine skills to slowly accumulate divine power and raise his divine power level to the level of a top-notch god.

This kind of top-notch god had a huge amount of divine power, but he might not necessarily have mastered a perfect-level divine skill and cultivated it to perfection. On World King Planet, most top-notch gods were like this. They relied on the advantage of increased resources.

There was also a top-notch god whose divine power had reached the standard and mastered a perfect-level divine skill. This top-notch god was stronger and was called a perfect god. Apart from having rich resources, it also had to have a certain amount of talent.

Most of Lin Feng and the Space Emperor’s ten pets had reached the top-notch Divine Realm. However, they were both the first top-notch gods and weren’t perfect gods yet. However, this didn’t mean that their talent was weak. Hundreds of years of cultivation were only the beginning for divine-levels. They still had a long time to improve.

In addition, with the huge battle power advantage of a Beast Tamer forming an army alone, it wasn’t a problem for them to defeat ordinary, perfect gods. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be qualified to assassinate the super divine level that was heavily injured.

And if they could nurture a top-notch divine pet that had mastered a perfect-level divine skill, their strength would increase further.

It could be said that a perfect god was the peak battle power of a divine-level, because it was impossible for divine skills to be cultivated to the transcendent level. This stage was the limit. If one wanted to advance to the super divine level, they could only rely on the source of transcendence.

However, at this moment, Senior Lin Feng also said that he suspected that the divine-level who killed seven super divines seemed to have broken the limit of a perfect divine skill and cultivated a transcendent-level divine skill. That was why he could be so fierce. This undoubtedly broke the common sense that was passed down in the starry sky of the universe.

“I don’t know either, but I only know that the other party is so fierce. There must be something different about him from ordinary people.” Lin Feng shrugged and said, “Do you know how to call such a person in the divine-level circle?”

“Epoch god! It means that there aren’t many peerless, ruthless people who can appear in a cosmic era. Divine-level ones can resist super divines like dogs. Tsk tsk,” Lin Feng said. “I originally didn’t want to tell you this. After all, you’re only at the quasi-divine level. However, looking at your performance, the perfect gods definitely can’t stop you. I look forward to you nurturing a bunch of perfect gods and even epoch gods.”

“In short, Senior Space Emperor and I don’t know much either. When you see a senior like God Bing Ling in the future, you can ask for more guidance.”

“I’ll fight for it.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly. “Then when the super divine ancestors of the five major divine races on Blue Planet advanced to the super divine level, they shouldn’t have reached the level of a perfect god, right?”

Lin Feng said, “Probably. As long as one has the divine power of a top-notch god, they’re qualified to process the source of transcendence. However, it’s stated that top-notch gods only have the initial qualifications to refine the source of superiority and can’t perfectly absorb the power of the source of transcendence. The stronger their divine power during refining, the stronger they become after breaking through to the super divine level. Therefore, after those five super divine seniors broke through, they’re only the weakest super divine level.”

“If it’s a perfect god, after refining the source of transcendence, its strength will be stronger. Therefore, at the divine level, every enhance in divine power matters.”

“He wasn’t even a flawless god, but he was lucky enough to pick up the source of transcendence. Even if he becomes a super divine, it would be strange if he could be strong.”

“As for those epoch gods who live in legends and can kill super divines above their grade at the heavenly level, even if they don’t become super divines, they’re not much weaker. And after becoming super divines, they’re even stronger. So you know why the five super divines from the five major divine races on Blue Planet are so afraid of trouble, right?”

“In short, although his talent isn’t bad, it’s not enough to reach that realm. It was purely raised by luck. Well… I reckon that Senior Emperor Shi is in a similar situation. However, Senior Emperor Shi has experienced so much before becoming a god. His temperament should be stronger than that of these geniuses from big clans who have had smooth sailing in the deity race.” Lin Feng touched his chin.

“That’s for sure,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright, I’m just here to remind you to pay attention to the cosmic overlord army. Well, there are also some other factions, such as spies of the Abyss Race. However, there’s the headquarters of the Environmental Protection Association here. Those guys shouldn’t dare to approach. At least in World King City, even the cosmic overlord army doesn’t dare cause trouble easily. Everything has to follow the proper procedures.”