Chapter 1487 - 1487 Hurry Up And Invite God Eleven (4)

1487 Hurry Up and Invite God Eleven (4)

As for Epoch Square, once Zavay lost and was carried down, no one dared challenge it again. It wasn’t that they didn’t have the courage, but they knew very well that it was impossible for them to win if they went up.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Next, it’s still the one who continues to defend the arena.” At this moment, Luster super divine raised his bone finger under his mage robe and pointed at Yun Mo, who already had some of its elemental core crushed on the arena.

In the next moment, Yun Mo’s elemental core restored itself. Its collapsed body also gathered on the elemental core again. In just a few seconds, this Yun Race Dragon returned to its peak state of five to six meters when it first appeared. Its condition instantly recovered to full restoration.

“Thank you, Lord Luster.” It half-knelt towards the super divine Luster and bowed. Then, it got up and looked at the various God Sealing Battle contestants hidden in the audience.

“That guy still has some skills. However, I can only be ranked third among the new recruits of the 177th Army. Defeating me doesn’t mean anything. Who else is there!!” The Yun Race Dragon shouted.

It was rather dissatisfied with Zavay’s actions of forcefully defeating it without caring about its body being polluted.

“I’ll do it.” At this moment, a laugh came from somewhere in the audience. Shi Yu smiled and looked at the arena of Epoch Square.

Under the gazes of everyone, Shi Yu’s psychic power flew onto the arena and looked at the meteor dragon opposite him.

“I’m Shi Yu.”

Shi Yu appeared. In an instant, all the cameras locked onto him. Then, the audience was stunned.

Who was this?

Very few people knew Shi Yu.

“It’s him!” However, there were also some people who knew Shi Yu, such as Captain Zi Jian and President Saatchi on the platform. They were stunned and had incredulous expressions.

“Eleven’s… Beast Tamer!” In a certain realm, the purple-skinned holey person of the Star Refining Race was one of the few contestants who knew that God Eleven had Beast Tamers and contractors. However, it didn’t expose the information about its “friend”. At this moment, seeing Eleven’s Beast Tamer appear, the purple-skinned holey person knew that this dragon was going to be finished.

“You… all know him??” Luster saw that President Saatchi and Captain Zi Jian were rather surprised by Shi Yu’s appearance and immediately asked curiously.

Captain Zi Jian didn’t even know the previous number one in the God Sealing Battle, Zavay. However, she actually knew this human?

Moreover, President Saatchi seemed to be very surprised.

However, Luster could sense that most of the people present weren’t very familiar with Shi Yu. They looked very unfamiliar.

“Of course… I know him! He’s a good archeologist.” Zi Jian gritted her teeth. What did Shi Yu mean by appearing here? Could it be that Shi Yu wanted to take away the super divine stone himself?

Zi Jian’s expression was unfriendly. If Shi Yu wanted to take away the super divine stone, what would she use to trade with Shi Yu?

However… she quickly heaved a sigh of relief.

Shi Yu was a youth who didn’t know fear. The new recruits of the 177th Army were all at the top of the new recruits of the various armies of the cosmic overlord army. It was impossible for Shi Yu to defeat them.

Wanting to freeload? No way.

“Well… His pet performed pretty well in the God Sealing Battle. It’s considered a newbie with potential this year,” President Saatchi also said vaguely.

“I see.” Luster continued to look at the arena quietly.

At this moment, under Yun Mo’s gaze, Shi Yu also smiled and summoned his pets. In the Beast Taming Space, pets raised their hands crazily to register.

There was naturally no need to fight all of these opponents. They could win in a one-on-one battle, not to mention that Shi Yu had enhanced them. That was even more stable.

At this moment, Shi Yu actually didn’t bring all his pets. He only brought a few that weren’t competing for the time being. For example, Eleven and Susu had gone out.

Otherwise, Eleven and Susu would definitely fight to go on stage with the opponent of the Yun Race. The former would definitely want to taste the other party and see how it was compared to Yun An, while the latter would definitely want to cleanse this dirty dragon.

“Quack!!” In the Beast Taming Space, Duckie attempted its best to register, indicating that it desired to take over Big Sister Susu’s mission. It still had rich experience with fighting dragons.

“Roar!!” Little Ji also tried its best to register, indicating that it had rich anti-pollution experience. Little Ji also questioned Buggy to teach Duckie a lesson.

“Alright, Little Ji it is. Duckie, you still have a competition in the afternoon. Little Ji is done battling in the morning. Let Little Ji do it.” Shi Yu considered it for a moment and pulled Little Ji out. A terrifying dragon might immediately emitted from the summoning array. Accompanied by a substantial deterrence, a roar resounded through the entire venue!!

“Roar!!!” An extremely domineering world-destroying dragon ascended the arena and glanced at the Yun Race Dragon with the gaze of a dragon that looked down on the world.

At this moment, the two dragons appeared. Everyone was shocked.

“Holy shit, holy shit, isn’t this the World Destruction Dragon positioned tenth on the Newcomer Ranking? I remember now. When the box god counted, it said that the World Destruction Dragon was a mechanical life form. Then there must be a mechanic. This person is the mechanic of the World Destruction Dragon?”

“Wait, isn’t it ninth? Why is it tenth?”

“God Ling can definitely enter the top 10. I’ll kick out the son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang. The status of the World Destruction Dragon will automatically decrease.”

“Shh, be careful of Tian Shang arriving to kill you. However, tenth place for newbies… Can it be done? Even if it’s positioned in front of Tian Shang, this Yun Race Dragon clearly has the level of the top three of the God Sealing Battle.”

“No, I don’t know. The state of the World Destruction Dragon that the box god estimated shouldn’t have the enhancement of a mechanic. If it fights alongside a mechanic now, it might be stronger??”

Initially, people who didn’t know who Shi Yu was instantly gave Shi Yu an identity when they saw Little Ji summoned.