Chapter 1488 - 1488 Hurry Up And Invite God Eleven (5)

1488 Hurry Up and Invite God Eleven (5)

A mechanic of the World Destruction Dragon!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

So he wasn’t a nobody.

“Come on.” However, the Yun Race Dragon didn’t care who its opponent was. Its pitch-black eyes stared at Little Ji. In an instant, the arena was filled with black radiation fluctuations that spread in all directions.

In the face of this scene, Shi Yu floated up, as if he had no intention of interfering in the battle. In the next moment, Little Ji walked towards the Yun Race Dragon step by step.

“Huh?” When the Yun Race Dragon saw this hot dragon ignore the pollution radiation and walk over directly, its gaze couldn’t help but turn cold. It strengthened the power of the pollution radiation and spread crazily!!

Boom!!!

Black light that filled the sky enveloped the World Destruction Dragon Little Ji. Seeing this, the contestants watching the battle trembled. Wait, why was this World Annihilation Dragon in a daze? It didn’t dodge or block.

Even Zavay was careful not to touch this pollution radiation. After touching it, it immediately used moves to prevent the pollution from worsening and used skills to cleanse it. Why did this World Destruction Dragon directly step on it!

“Roar!!!” A large amount of pollution radiation attacked. Little Ji indeed didn’t dodge or block, mainly because its movements were slow. The venue was so small, so it couldn’t dodge even if it wanted to.

The reason why it was so confident was that during the battle with Duckie, it had long figured out a way to counter pollution.

Buzz!!!

The source of pollution attacked. In an instant, Little Ji’s entire body was corroded. Black electric arcs appeared on its body, and the color of its skin began to change. Its eyes gradually became irritable.

This scene shocked the audience. They didn’t know what Little Ji was thinking. After being polluted, the problem was huge.

Firstly, it would lose its mind, disregard its relatives, and even attack the Beast Tamer. Then, according to the contract, the Beast Tamer would also be mentally infested until both parties were assimilated and polluted into the Yun Race such that they could be controlled by the enemy. It could be said to be a relatively difficult power…

But in the next moment, Little Ji’s roar made all the spectators, including the super divine Luster, unable to hold it in anymore.

“Roar!!! (As long as I don’t have intelligence and don’t have rationality, I won’t be affected by the pollution source!!)” Little Ji resisted the pollution and directly entered the reverse scale berserk state with red eyes. The destructive power rushed to its brain and it entered a state where it didn’t recognize anyone in exchange for an increase in strength.

Sacrificing its intelligence a step in advance and using its more familiar method to resist the radiation power of the Yun Race and fight poison with poison was its way of dealing with Duckie.

Apart from that.

“Roar!!! (Such a weak pollution power, even the anti-poison system installed by the Mechanic can’t break through it!)” Little Ji roared. In the next moment, some of the radiation that entered its body was instantly expelled, shocking the audience.

Yun Mo ate top-notch pollution sources as food and had even swallowed super divine pollution sources. What anti-poison system could stop this pollution?

They looked at Shi Yu. Could it be that this was a mechanic who specialized in detecting and killing viruses?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and felt the gaze. However, he felt rather ashamed that this mechanic wasn’t him, but Ling.

At this moment, Yun Mo couldn’t believe that there was actually a life form that could withstand its contamination and charge at it without any effect. After all, even the previous Zavay couldn’t do it.

“I am the overlord of the earth!!!” Under Yun Mo’s stunned expression, Little Ji rushed towards it. A Sun Meteorite Sword that was filled with sun magma condensed in its hand and hit Yun Mo’s physique with a boom, splitting its body into two.

“Roar!!!” Yun Mo let out a miserable cry. Its body quickly recovered and increased the pollution, but the World Destruction Dragon opposite still didn’t seem to be affected. This affected Yun Mo’s mentality very much.

“Impossible!!” Its dragon claws smashed towards Little Ji. Little Ji slashed at it with its sword, and Yun Mo was instantly sent flying again. In terms of brute force, how could it compare to the crazy Little Ji?

This didn’t mean that Little Ji was stronger than Zavay. It was purely because it had encountered restraint again and encountered Little Ji, who had rich anti-pollution experience. The foe was relatively unlucky.

In the blink of an eye, the audience saw a crazy dragon chasing after another dragon that was releasing poison. In an instant, the audience fell into deep thought. Why did they feel that this World Destruction Dragon was even fiercer than Zavay?

Zi Jian, Luster, President Saatchi, and the others’ eyelids twitched.

Ten minutes later, Little Ji was still crazy and panting. It, who didn’t have a chance to perform in the God Sealing Battle, directly slashed the Yun Race genius into pieces this time. On the other side, Yun Mo’s physique had already shattered. The elemental core was directly sent flying, and cracks appeared again.

The whole time, Shi Yu floated opposite. He was wearing a protective suit and crossed his arms as he watched the battle quietly.

“This…” At this moment, Captain Zi Jian was stunned.

President Saatchi also fell into deep thought. He knew that Shi Yu was a mysterious guy and was very fierce. He was related to Eleven and the others, but this battle completely exceeded his expectations.

Was this World Destruction Dragon also so fierce??

In a certain ward, Ming Gu and Zavay, who had been sent in, also looked at the battle scene on the screen on the wall in a daze.

“Zavay, is that guy’s contamination force really very strong? Why do I feel that this World Destruction Dragon isn’t afraid at all? And why were you so afraid at that time?” Ming Gu looked at Zavay.

“Why do I feel that if it were me this year, I could even defeat you?”

“Do you think your battle results are that good?” Zavay, who had just been cleansed, looked at the ceiling and was no longer willing to think about anything. It felt like this year’s God Sealing Battle was targeting it everywhere. In the blink of an eye, why were a tenth place rookie’s battle results even fiercer than its…