Chapter 1495 - 1495 The Gaze Of The Four Saints Super Divine (3)

1495 The Gaze of the Four Saints Super Divine (3)

Moreover, the five god races had operated on the World King Planet for hundreds of millions of years. The wealth accumulated by generations was huge. This was also why the Space Emperor and Lin Feng still had to rely on the five god races to develop their mother planet.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buzz~

A moment later, the super divine stone completely shattered. This time, it wasn’t a corpse, but a genuine, super divine level resource.

“Huh??” This was a prismatic, transparent crystal. When the super divine stone shattered, the rich power of time on it directly emitted!!

“This!!” The Space Emperor was immediately shocked.

“Time Crystal!!”

“It’s actually a time-element resource? Moreover, it’s a quasi level-12 time-element resource!!” The five super divines were stunned and looked at Ling and the gem cat. Could it be that wishing and luck were really effective?

The super divine stone from before had a useless corpse inside.

However, this time, he directly made a killing.

90% of the super divine stones opened super divine level resources, so it was very normal to open Level 11 energy crystals.

But if it was an ordinary Level 11 energy crystal, its value would be only so-so. It was the lowest among Level 11 super divine resources.

However, time-element crystals were different. High-level time-element resources had a characteristic, which was that the longer they were placed, the better the effect. At the moment, the feeling that the time law power contained in this time crystal was already close to the pinnacle of the quality and level of a Level 11 resource. It could already be said to be a quasi Level 12 resource.

As for Level 12 resources, they were also known as cosmic treasures. They were super treasures that could only be born naturally in the universe and couldn’t be created postnatally. For example, the source of transcendence was a cosmic treasure.

Therefore, with the rare Level 11 time-element resource opened, everyone instantly realized how lucky Shi Yu was this time.

The five super divines were alright, but the Space Emperor and Lin Feng almost drooled. They were poor!

“Dividends, dividends!!” The cat was also happy. Was it a top-notch resource?

“!!!” At the same time, Qi was also quite touched while inside Shi Yu’s body.

She felt that if she could absorb this time crystal, her level should be able to easily recover to her peak!!

She might even have a chance to reach the level of a perfect god.

“This resource…” Shi Yu said, “Time element? It’s still useful. Unfortunately, it’s not what I want the most.”

“It’s better to have another era creature corpse for me to study.”

He couldn’t mess with his own body, but if a corpse of another era creature came, he could dissect and study it.

The super divines: “?”

Was there something wrong with this kid?

However, Shi Yu quickly understood and was satisfied. He still didn’t know how difficult it was to add points after his pet broke through to the divine level. The consumption of points for divine skills would probably be even more terrifying.

And if he had this time-element crystal, Shi Yu estimated that he would give it to Qi to use, not sell it for resources.

With this, Qi should be able to quickly have strength that exceeded its peak. At its peak, the level of Space-time Travel was only an expert-level divine skill. If it could be raised to a perfect level, its escape ability would definitely be stronger.

At that time, a perfect divine-level Time Sprite could probably slap the face of a super divine level in person and make the other party unable to catch it… This ability was very useful to Shi Yu, whose name would spread throughout the entire World King Planet.

It could give Shi Yu enough stable development space.

Thinking about it this way, it wasn’t a loss to open the time crystal. After all, it was impossible for Blue Planet’s experts to protect him at all times. It was also impossible for him to hide in a place all the time.

He still had to have the ability to escape when he encountered danger.

“Thank you, seniors…” At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the time gem and smiled. “When I have the super divine rock next time, I’ll have to trouble you, seniors…”

The five super divines: ???

…

The matter of the cosmic overlord army had come to an end. In the next period of time, Shi Yu, who had obtained the meditation jade, began to sleep and cultivate.

The meditation jade was a cultivation asset that could only trigger the effect during meditation. It originally required the user to concentrate on meditation without any distractions to use it.

However, when the meditation jade touched the Cultivation Fruit, it was as if a bug had been born. Shi Yu brought the meditation jade along and ate the Cultivation Fruit before starting to sleep. The effects of the two cultivation resources were directly activated and complemented each other at the same time, causing Shi Yu’s meditation speed to rise like a rocket.

This feeling of sleeping and leveling up was actually no different from cheating.

For ordinary people, they still had insomnia and excessive energy, causing them to be unable to sleep. However, on Shi Yu’s side, Buggy could hypnotize him, and Baby Ginseng could let Shi Yu sleep for hundreds of years. Moreover, Shi Yu, who had the talent of physical control, could additionally guarantee that he could perfectly control his sleep. From there, he would have the best cultivation experience.

The so-called good cultivation experience was to close and open his eyes. Before he felt anything, it was comparable to a few years of bitter cultivation for others. Shi Yu felt that there was almost nothing more satisfying than this.

This made Shi Yu have the thought of spending a lot of money to get more meditation jades. After the competition ended, he would slumber until he reached the zenith of the divine level.

During the period of period when Yu fell asleep to cultivate… the God Sealing Battle was still carried out in an orderly manner.

Among them, every one of the ten newbies was like a monster. They killed with one hit every round, no matter what opponent they encountered.

After a while, the top 16 were out.