Chapter 1498 - 1498 Shi Yu Failed (1)

1498 Shi Yu Failed (1)

The sky gradually changed, and the light blue sky was embedded with countless stars.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As the God Sealing Battle was about to end, a large number of contestants were eliminated. Not only did the traffic in World King City not slowly decrease like in the past, but it also became more and more lively.

The ten new planets appeared out of nowhere. The downfall of the contestants of the old era was regarded as another turning point in the God Sealing Battle. The key to opening a new chapter was, for example, the time when Ming Gu defeated the first place 180 years ago, and the time when Zavay defeated Ming Gu 80 years ago… This year was also the time to witness history.

“Fast forward, fast forward!! Contestant Ling’s battle has begun!!”

It was the Starry Sky Battlefield again. Ling looked at the Green Dragon in front of it and felt calm. It directly threw a Starry Sky Storm over as if the geniuses of the Green Dragon Family were facing a great enemy!

“Green Dragon Creation!!” Under its roar, a new world formed, but it was quickly destroyed by the Starry Sky Storm.

In less than a minute, the symbol of Ling’s victory appeared in the live-stream.

“It hurts, it hurts too much. Haha, Dr. Ling is impressive, awesome!” The audience knew that this was the outcome.

Wherever the Starry Sky Storm passed, even a galaxy would be affected!

The creation power mastered by the genius of the Green Dragon Family was at most the creation power mastered by a low-level planet. It wasn’t a match for the cosmic disaster.

In the outside world, the number one genius of the White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise families covered their foreheads and sighed.

On the other side, Eleven defeated its opponent with a punch. Buggy instantly killed its opponent with a dragon might. Chi Tong defeated its opponent with a sword. Susu used a Heavenly Frost Cold Energy to freeze its opponent. Baby Ginseng was even more brutal. After entering the time state, a flying leaf tore apart its opponent’s body like a fast saber.

The battle of six of the ten newbies was exactly as the audience had expected. It was completely and overwhelmingly powerful.

Their figures were also worshiped by countless contestants like peerless villains.

However, the audience hoped that these ten newbies could bump into each other.

They wanted to see if it would still be an equally overwhelming battle process.

Until…

Little Ji and Duckie faced each other.

Now, under the analysis of many gods, only the 10 newbies, the Cosmic Crow, and Ming Gu were considered unique. They were considered first tier contestants.

Only they could pose a threat to each other.

Unfortunately, Zavay and Ming Gu had already been eliminated long ago. Their luck wasn’t that good.

However, the World Destruction Dragon vs the World Cleansing Demon Duck was also quite interesting. The audience was very excited.

“Who do you think will win?” In the live-stream where the battle was about to begin, countless contestants of the God Sealing Battle were watching the battle. Shi Yu and the gem cat were additionally in the room, holding potato chips, drinking soda, and wearing immersion glasses, waiting to watch the battle.

The gem cat watched the show and ate as it asked.

“Usually, the two of them fight the most. In 10 battles, Little Ji can win three times, Duckie can win three times, and both parties can draw and fall four times at the same time… It’s completely a draw.”

“However! That’s the chances of winning in a fair combat environment.”

“There’s a special mechanism in the God Sealing Battle, which is that the battle venue is random. If they’re assigned to the dry land, if they’re assigned to the abyss venue… The impact on their chances of winning is very big.” Shi Yu additionally ate potato chips.

“This battle can also be seen as a battle between Ling and Susu. After all, Little Ji and Duckie were taught by them separately. From the looks of it, Little Ji might very well inherit Ling’s good luck and be assigned to the dry field to defeat Duckie!” Teacher Ying analyzed.

As they discussed, the venue slowly formed.

The potato chips on both sides slowly stopped in front of their mouths.

It was, surprisingly, an endless and bottomless Blue Sea Arena. On the arena, there was only a larger stone arena. This was the venue of the battle between Little Ji and Duckie.

“Roar!!!”

“Quack!!”

After Little Ji and Duckie emerged on the arena, Little Ji’s body immediately stopped, and its eyes under the bandage revealed ecstasy.

Ocean venue! Duckie was overjoyed!

Little Ji was shocked. It believed that it could inherit Ling’s good luck and be assigned to the dry land. What was wrong with this land?!

Could it be that Ling’s power of luck really had to follow the “law of conservation of luck”?

Some people’s luck would become better, but others’ luck would become worse. As Ling’s closest little machine… it would directly suffer the backlash first!

“Roar! (Damn it, shouldn’t it backfire on the Kirin Race?)” Little Ji thought.

…

“It’s the ocean arena. The Abyss Race is water-type… Isn’t it a little disadvantageous for the World Destruction Dragon? Although it’s a dragon, it doesn’t have wings.” The audience suddenly discussed.

“At this point, why hasn’t Great God Shi Yu emerged yet? Does he still plan to let the World Destruction Dragon fight on its own? The opponent is the World Cleansing Demon Duck ranked in front of it…”

“It shouldn’t be a problem, right? After all, it’s not like you haven’t seen how fierce the World Destruction Dragon was when it fought the Yun Race Dragon. It’s not afraid of pollution at all. This battle is definitely under God Shi Yu’s control!”

The battle quickly began. Countless people were nervous. Seeing that it was really an ocean arena, Little Ji additionally decided to fight it out. With a roar, it activated Earth Control. With itself as the center, countless oceans began to turn into the ground, and red magma rose!!

At the same time, a dazzling hot sun floated in the sky, making the seawater hot and boiling.

“I am the overlord of the earth!!!” Little Ji’s dragon’s might swept through, and the destructive power shook the sky and earth, making space tremble.