Chapter 1496 - 1496 The Gaze Of The Four Saints Super Divine (4)

1496 The Gaze of the Four Saints Super Divine (4)

They were: Eleven, Worm of Imagination, Ginseng Emperor, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, World Destruction Dragon, World Cleansing Demon Duck, Time Sect Master, Super Holy Beast…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There were also the other six contestants. The other six contestants were all in the top 20 of the previous God Sealing Battle, but in this batch, no one thought that they could survive a single move in front of the 10 newbies. They didn’t have much of a presence at all.

After all, it had to be known that the last World Destruction Dragon of the 10 newbies had strength comparable to Zavay. This was even without the enhancement of its mechanic, Shi Yu.

It could be said that the appearance of the 10 newbies made the old audience of the God Sealing Battle feel that this year’s God Sealing Battle was the darkest and most chaotic in the history of the God Sealing Battle… They couldn’t see through it or guess it.

However, it could be imagined how brutal the scene would be when the 10 newbies fought each other.

“A new battle list will be out later!! Guess, guess, guess!! This time, the 10 supernovas might finally meet. Let’s guess who can get first place this year.”

Now, in the various major domains, a bunch of dark gambling houses had bets on this God Sealing Battle. Batch after batch of gamblers bet with red eyes.

“God Eleven will definitely be first!”

“Chi Tong is the number one in the world.”

“I guess the Time Sect Master is first! His name is definitely God Shi Yu’s trump card. God Shi Yu contracted two great divine pets and has such strong confidence to let them register alone and not go on stage to assist. He must be confident of winning the championship.”

As everyone was excitedly guessing, a new battle list was announced…

“Is the name list out?”

The tea internal competition was about to begin. Shi Yu, who had been obsessed with cultivation for a long time, also opened his eyes comfortably.

Now, his two Beast Taming Spaces had already been cultivated to the peak of Level 9. He could break through to the divine level at any time.

After the champion challenge ended, it would be the day Shi Yu broke through to the divine level. However, before that, Shi Yu wanted to see more which pet could obtain first place in this God Sealing Battle.

The first place in the God Sealing Battle would obtain the opportunity to challenge the champion and have a chance to obtain a permanent teleportation array.

From the second to the tenth place of the God Sealing Battle, one could obtain a Teleportation Key Stone and different numbers of divine-level cosmic crystals.

If Shi Yu took over the top 10, he would have at least nine Teleportation Key Stones and a pile of divine-level cosmic crystals. He would completely become rich overnight. Ordinary second-level Realm Lords might not be so generous.

No wonder some geniuses were willing to constantly participate in the God Sealing Battle. For example, Ming Gu had obtained nearly a hundred Teleportation Key Stones alone after being second in 79 consecutive years. Even if he didn’t need them, he wouldn’t have to worry about selling them to other realms and breaking through to the divine level.

The Teleportation Key Stones of the Space Emperor and the others were actually bought from this channel.

Of course, the most precious thing was definitely still the permanent teleportation array. This was a super treasure that countless ordinary Teleportation Key Stones couldn’t exchange for.

If it weren’t for the fact that the permanent teleportation array could only be taken once, if Shi Yu didn’t think that after they broke through to the divine level, the benefits they would gain from being stuck at the demigod level would be greater and they could earn more resources, he even wanted to be stuck at the demigod level for hundreds of years.

“Let me see…” Shi Yu looked at the new battle list and fell into deep thought.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling encountered six other passers-by.

Little Ji, Duckie, Shorty, and the others were unlucky enough to bump into each other!

World Destruction Dragon vs World Cleansing Demon Duck!

Time Sect Master vs Super Holy Beast!

This time… the second team would kill each other first!

“Brilliant.”

…

After the name list was out, the expressions of the six old contestants were also rather gloomy.

Among them, the genius of the Green Dragon Family, Tian Yu, who was “lucky” to enter the top 16, looked at the contestant he matched with and collapsed a little.

“You’re the only one left in our Four Holy Family. Can you defeat Ling and enter the top 10?” the White Tiger Family’s White King said.

“It’s the only one left in the Four Holy Family, but it’s not the only Four Holy Evolver in the top 16… This Time Sect Master and this Super Holy Beast are all Four Holy Evolvers! This time, we’re completely crushed. The family will probably be very angry,” the Black Tortoise Family’s Ming Wu said.

After so long, Shorty, Turtle, and the others had previously entered the vision of the Four Holy Family.

The reason was very simple. They mainly cultivated the power of faith of the Four Saints, and they weren’t members of the Four Holy Family!

Moreover, Shorty’s battle style and that of the Super Holy Beast were too similar to the Guardian Holy Beast that appeared before the Four Holy Ruins. Even its appearance was a little similar.

After their investigation, the most important key was the Beast Tamer of the Time Sect Master, Shi Yu!

Shi Yu had additionally showed up in the Four Holy Ruins. He was an archeologist praised even by Zi Jian, and the Time Sect Master was his pet… Therefore, the geniuses of the Four Holy Family had a bold guess.

Shi Yu had received unknown benefits in the Four Holy Ruins. For example, the Time Sect Master had obtained the inheritance of the Guardian Holy Beast in the Four Holy Ruins. They even suspected that the Super Holy Beast was also Shi Yu’s pet.

With the limit they could think of, it was that Shi Yu had received the benefits of the Four Holy Ruins under unknown circumstances. As for the fact that the Four Holy Ruins were controlled by Shi Yu at that time, they didn’t even dare imagine it because it was too strange.

After all, even Zi Jian couldn’t crack the Four Holy Ruins. What right did Shi Yu, a person he had not heard of before, have?

The Four Holy Family had previously started to investigate this matter…