Chapter 1492 - 1492 The World Where Only Zi Jian Is Injured (4)

1492 The World Where Only Zi Jian is Injured (4)

Something was wrong… Why was Shi Yu so strong?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

She originally thought that it was impossible for Shi Yu to defeat the new recruits of the 177th Army, so she panicked a little.

“Such pure power of faith in the era… Is this… a White Tiger Evolver?!” Luster was also surprised. Only then did he remember that Shi Yu was an archeologist who was even praised by Zi Jian.

If the mechanic class matched another mechanic class, then the new age faith class naturally matched the archeologist class.

Shi Yu was actually a dual genius.

“You won again,” said Luster, the super divine. His words made the corners of the audience’s mouths involuntarily twitch. What kind of monster was Shi Yu?

“Yes, I still want to continue challenging. Next should be the strongest new recruit,” Shi Yu said.

“There’s no need,” Luster said. “He’s not your match. Shi Yu, right? You’re very outstanding. You can take away the three rewards for breaking through the arena.”

Shi Yu was shocked and looked at the kind-looking skeleton. Was this for real?

President Saatchi was also stunned. He suddenly realized that Luster had already started to express goodwill toward Shi Yu.

At the side, Zi Jian was stunned. What? He gave it to Shi Yu just like that?

Wait a minute, were they all so lousy as the first-place recruits? Give it a try!! How could they give it to Shi Yu directly?

“This is against the rules, right?” Zi Jian said.

“Shi Yu… He and his pets are worth this treatment.”

Luster said calmly. He suddenly recalled that Shi Yu was an archeologist who was even praised by Zi Jian. Their 177th Army lacked notable archeologists. Wasn’t this readily available?

If Shi Yu was really that outstanding, with Shi Yu, there was no need to care about Zi Jian in the future.

Zi Jian: “?”

At this moment, everyone was shocked. They didn’t expect the super divine of the cosmic overlord army to directly admit defeat generously and admit that their new recruits were inferior to Shi Yu.

Among the new recruits of the 177th Army, the Human Beast Tamer didn’t know what to say. This was because he admitted that he definitely couldn’t withstand Shi Yu’s attack with Shorty just now.

“Why…” This strongest recruit gritted his teeth. He didn’t expect such a monster to exist on World King Planet.

“Then we’ll accept it respectfully. Indeed, no one below the God Realm is my match,” Shi Yu said with a smile. He didn’t feel that he was in the wrong.

“Heh… Heh… Heh…” Luster looked at the arrogant Shi Yu and smiled bitterly. He liked such a genius.

“The test will end here.” Luster got up and left without caring about President Saatchi and Captain Zi Jian.

Luster was already very satisfied to discover a genius at Shi Yu’s level. He felt that this trip was not in vain. It wasn’t a loss this time.

As for whether they could poach Shi Yu, Luster didn’t believe that he would fail. Their cosmic overlord army had never failed in what they wanted to do.

President Saatchi also stood up. No matter what, Shi Yu had made World King Planet proud. Although Shi Yu had enticed the 177th Army to poach him, and they would definitely believe of a way to poach him, this wasn’t a loss. Next, he just had to ensure that Shi Yu wasn’t poached by the cosmic overlord army.

“Shi Yu… This Shi Yu is so strong. I believe that Eleven, Ling, and Chi Tong can’t defeat this guy who contracted two new stars and is even so mighty himself.”

“The champion of this year’s God Sealing Battle might be him.” A spectator trembled as he looked at Shi Yu, who had defeated a powerful fleet of the cosmic overlord army, and directly became Shi Yu’s supporter and fan.

Both Luster and President Saatchi were happy. The audience was also happy to see the cosmic overlord army being chased away and Shi Yu about to obtain a pile of resources.

Only Captain Zi Jian, who was still sitting on the platform, looked at Shi Yu below and fell into deep thought. She clenched her fists… What was going on? Where was her super divine stone? Where was her Cultivation Fruit?