Chapter 1499 - 1499 Shi Yu Fails (2)

1499 Shi Yu Fails (2)

This… was still Little Ji’s first time using the Earth Control skill!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

So what if it was the sea? Wherever it stepped was the ground!

“Holy shit.” Countless spectators saw that the mechanical dragon that used the Destruction Sun Sword to fight previously actually had the ability to change the terrain. They instantly realized that even when Little Ji fought the Yun Race Dragon of the cosmic overlord army, it didn’t use its full strength!

“The World Destruction Dragon is stable!! The power to counter pollution itself also hides the strength to change the world. The World Cleansing Demon Duck is in danger. As expected of a pet cultivated by God Shi Yu!”

“That’s it???”

“I’m… the overlord of the ocean!!” However, just as the audience thought that the World Destruction Dragon was stable, Duckie said disdainfully. The vortex that contained death fluctuations swept through the ocean shattered the ground, and the sky instantly darkened. Under the wreaking of the storm, countless black fluctuations and raindrops sank the land like meteors. It was the Dark Sky Wave Rain.

The hot sun also lost most of its light under the cover of the dark sky’s wave rain.

Little Ji’s expression darkened, and the audience was stunned. This was because Duckie’s two moves didn’t contain any abyssal power or cleansing power. They were completely pure. They were two disaster-type skills that vividly displayed the harshness of the ocean environment!

Death Vortex! Dark Sky Wave Rain!

This World Cleansing Demon Duck also hid a portion of its strength. Apart from the power of abyss and cleansing, there were other powers! Its control over the sea was also extremely strong, and its venue advantage became even more obvious!

The hearts of the audience thumped as they felt the excitement of this battle!!

“Roar!!!” In the next moment, Little Ji sacrificed its rationality and entered a berserk state. The Earth Regeneration speed was even faster. The hot sun was also working hard to penetrate the dark clouds. It even held the Sun Meteorite Sword and slashed at Duckie!!

Damn duck, die!

“Quack!!” Duckie’s eye band was blown away by the storm. It opened the Eye of the Evil God and condensed the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff in its hand. It activated the Wave Vision, the Heart of the Abyss, and the power of the abyss all erupted, shaking the sky and earth, colliding with the destructive dragon’s might!!

Similarly, its battle power was fully released. Its figure instantly disappeared and collided with Little Ji!!

The moment it moved, under the contamination of the power of the abyss, the endless sea directly turned into an abyss sea. Its strength was incomparably terrifying.

Before the 177th Fleet left, the super divine expert, Luster, continued to pay attention to the God Sealing Battle and watch Shi Yu’s subsequent performance.

After seeing Duckie, he couldn’t help but say, “Its pollution power is stronger than Yun Mo, and it used other powers to restrict it, thereby reaching a state where it can erupt without caring about the consequences. Is this the so-called ten newbies that have been in an uproar recently?”

“This guy is also very worth recruiting, but the Environmental Protection Association…”

Boom!!!

The Sun Meteorite Sword and the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff wrapped in the power of the abyss collided. In an instant, the arena under their feet completely exploded. Little Ji was forced to fall into the sea. However, the places it touched were all earth. A new arena instantly appeared on the sea surface, and Duckie’s strength was indeed slightly inferior. It was sent flying and was pulled back by Little Ji with horizontal gravity!!

During the process of Duckie flying crazily, Little Ji waved its huge sword, wanting to deal a perfect blow.

“Gravity Control!” The audience saw Little Ji use a new divine skill.

In the blink of an eye, Duckie’s body that was pulled back directly erupted with a powerful gravity. Its body turned into an abyss black hole and also sucked Little Ji over.

“Dark Control!!” The spectators was shocked.

Little Ji and Duckie’s gazes contained a frightening concept. One was the Destruction Resistance, and the other was the Abyss Resistance.

With a boom, the fearless collision of the two parties was wrapped in the abyss black hole, causing a strong explosion. In an instant, a huge hole appeared in the sky and the sea. The aftermath of a pillar that reached the sky connected to the sky.

“Roar!!”

“Quack!!”

In the fluctuations, the two contestants retreated from each other with injuries. After pulling away from each other, they attacked the other party again.

“Gulp.” The contestants of the God Sealing Battle looked at this brutal battle and were shocked. Were these two guys monsters? They actually hid a bunch of trump cards. They were mightier and stronger than they imagined at the start.

“This batch of newbies…” Ming Gu and Zavay, who had yet to leave World King City, watched the battle between Little Ji and Duckie in silence and felt an incomparable pressure.

They didn’t know who could take first place this year.

But no matter who got first place, there were still so many monster newbies. In the next few decades or hundreds of years, this group of monsters would probably be active in the God Sealing Battle.

They… had worked hard for so long, but their rankings had even fallen? Zavay and Ming Gu felt stifled.

Next, the hearts of the spectators were additionally mobilized by the World Destruction Dragon and the World Cleansing Demon Duck. They watched as they collided crazily, the chaotic interweaving of the ground and ocean, and the violent impact of destruction and the abyss. In less than two minutes, this small world shattered, as if it had encountered countless natural disasters…

After an unknown period of time, just as the hearts of the spectators were about to jump out, Little Ji stood on the endless ground. Opposite it, Duckie additionally stood opposite, panting, and stopped attacking.

“You lost,” Duckie said.

As Duckie finished speaking, the audience’s hearts skipped a beat. Lost? They looked at the terrain. It was clearly the World Destruction Dragon that completely rewrote the ocean area into the earth area, as if it occupied the top. Why did it lose?

“I am the overlord of the earth!!!” In the face of Duckie’s words, Little Ji’s violent gaze gradually recovered its clarity. It stabbed the Sun Meteorite Sword into the ground and slowly closed its eyes unwillingly, but its body stood on the ground and never fell.