Chapter 1491 - 1491 The World Where Only Zi Jian Is Injured (3)

1491 The World Where Only Zi Jian is Injured (3)

“Meow…” However, suddenly, a voice quickly attracted everyone’s attention from the ant.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The short Time Sect Master stood on the arena and stared at the red ant with greedy eyes. Endless killing intent spread. Its white hair had already stood on end, and the substantial killing intent turned into waves that spread on the short cat.

Ant, you’re courting death!

After sensing that the Red Ant had very strong ill intentions towards Shi Yu, Shorty’s mood was extremely bad. Killing intent involuntarily spread. The other party’s hostility of treating Shi Yu as food had already exceeded the limit that Shorty could accept.

On the other side, the Red Ant also instantly sensed the killing intent of this short cat and couldn’t help but feel its heart skip a beat.

“The aura isn’t bad… But…”

“No buts. Little ant, you made my cat angry. The consequences are serious.” Shi Yu sensed the short cat’s anger and couldn’t help but smile.

He crossed his arms again and looked at the arena playfully. As Shorty’s mental fluctuations were too strong, Shi Yu’s mental fluctuations also resonated.

Boom!!!

A terrifying killing intent also bloomed from Shi Yu’s body. Shi Yu’s pupils almost suddenly turned into the violent eyes of a wild beast, emitting a terrifying aura, shocking the Red Ant.

In the next moment, the white-gold aura on the arena spread. A strong power of faith erupted from Shorty’s body. An incomparably huge metal statue materialized outside the Shorty’s body. It was a humanoid statue in armor. It was extremely dignified, and one could tell that it had the outline of Shi Yu’s appearance.

This was the peak skill that Shorty could display by combining its faith, Metal Control, White Tiger Divine Armor, Retribution White Tiger, and other skills. It was also a move to respond to its mental request.

Under the Red Ant’s gaze, the palms of this huge Shi Yu statue directly slapped at the Red Ant like it was slapping a mosquito, as if it wanted to hold it in its palm and hear it beg for mercy.

The Red Ant’s heart skipped a beat again. Its legs erupted with strength, wanting to dodge this move, but the Power of Retribution that exploded in its intellect and detonated its evil thoughts directly made the Red Ant’s mind suffer intense pain and miss the best opportunity to escape.

“Boom!!!” With a bang, the statue crushed the red ant in its palm. A violent sound that was like a planet exploding immediately came from its palm, spreading in all directions.

“Alright, I’ll just let it think about it and spare its life,” Shi Yu said.

“Meow~” With a cat’s cry, the statue’s palms separated. The ant-man had been flattened, and its form didn’t form again. Instead, blood flowed from its seven apertures as it fell from the sky with empty eyes…

With a bang, it hit the ground.

Shi Yu sighed slightly. The cat was getting fiercer and fiercer. Shi Yu instantly regretted summoning the cat. It, the turtle, and the others were really burning money!

Compared to the prize, the value of the burned power of faith was actually difficult for Shi Yu to determine for a moment. Well, the other party’s prize should still be more expensive, but in the next round, as expected, he still couldn’t use the cat. He was here to earn money, not to lose money.

Crack. The metal statue collapsed, and Shorty’s figure appeared again. It glanced at the flattened antman and ran back to rub against Shi Yu’s pants.

“Meow!” Those who dared to be hostile to Shi Yu would die!

Another battle ended.

The end was so fast that almost everyone present was stunned.

“That… was that Beast Taming Talent?” Everyone understood that Shi Yu and Shorty had entered a special state just now, greatly increasing Shorty’s strength.

Just now, when Little Ji fought Yun Mo, Shi Yu didn’t attack. Everyone was curious about Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Ability, and now, Shi Yu seemed to have increased it by a small amount… Just a small amount directly stunned countless spectators in front of the screen.

“Ming Gu, what was that just now…” In the ward, Zavay was originally looking forward to the battle, but when he saw the Red Ant instantly insta-killed, he was immediately stunned. What a joke. Wasn’t Shi Yu’s strength a little ridiculous? It was fine if his pet was so strong, but the strength that erupted after he enhanced his pet was also so terrifying?

“It should be a mutation of the telepathy talent. Shi Yu’s development of the telepathy talent is very high!” Ming Gu said. “The boost is almost several times that of a strengthening talent of the same level.”

He was also extremely shocked. Damn, what was going on with this year’s God Sealing Battle?

Initially, he thought that he, Ming Gu, Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others were the strongest competitors for the championship. Later on, he thought that it was Ling. In the end, where the f*ck did this Shi Yu pop out from? He actually contracted two of the ten supernovas and was also so fierce himself.

At the recruit trial venue, the crushing defeat of the Red Ant made the eyelids of a mixed-blood human Beast Tamer in the army twitch. He was the number one recruit of the 177th Army this year. Although his force was a little stronger than Yun Mo and Du Zhe, it didn’t exceed the absurd level of insta-kill. He relied on the cooperation of himself and his pet… In the end, what was wrong with Shi Yu!

He only felt that even if he went up, he would be crushed by Shi Yu.

On the platform, the corners of President Saatchi’s mouth also twitched. Just now, he also shuddered. When he reacted, the Red Ant was gone.

Shi Yu… This Shi Yu… Well done!!

President Saatchi was overjoyed. This time, the cosmic overlord army should concede defeat.

At the side, Captain Zi Jian had yet to recover from her shock. Wait? What was going on? Shi Yu… defeated two opponents just like that? He was only a step away from the super divine stone?