Chapter 1494 - 1494 The Gaze Of The Four Saints Super Divine (2)

1494 The Gaze of the Four Saints Super Divine (2)

There were too many experts from the World King Planet who had joined the cosmic overlord army. They couldn’t be controlled.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the face of this kind of thing, the World King Planet only had to ensure that the people who walked out of the World King Planet didn’t point their swords at the World King Planet itself in the end.

Although the cosmic overlord army was a shit stirrer in the interstellar war, if it stirred up the Contaminated Land and the Worm Race Mother Nest, World King Planet would also be happy to see it.

As long as it didn’t become the enemy of the World King Planet in the cosmic battlefield, there was no problem.

There were many factions in the cosmic overlord army. Some were close to the World King Planet, some were close to the Dark King Army, and some were close to the insect race. There were also internal battles. If the cosmic overlord army was really completely the enemy of the World King Planet, the World King Planet wouldn’t let the other party enter and leave the planet freely.

Of course, this didn’t mean that the official factions of the World King Planet were willing to see their geniuses seek refuge with other factions. However, from the perspective of President Saatchi, he was an old man who had retreated to an idle position. There was no need for him to spend so much effort on Shi Yu.

According to what he knew, the cleansing star spirit Susu was also Shi Yu’s pet. It was focused on by the Environmental Protection Association. The Storm Battleship Ling was also Shi Yu’s pet and was focused on by the Space Disaster Research Institute…

These factions would definitely think of a way to leave Shi Yu on World King Planet and give Shi Yu sufficiently superior conditions. As an unrelated old man, he wouldn’t interfere.

“The World King Planet is my second home. I naturally won’t become the enemy of the World King Planet.” Shi Yu chuckled. Among the five major factions in the universe, the only ones he could rely on might be the World King Planet and the cosmic overlord army.

The Contaminated Land, the Worm Race Mother Nest, and the Behemoth Empire had all invaded Blue Planet before and were Blue Planet’s life-and-death enemies. It was naturally impossible for him to rely on these three factions.

This was also the reason why the Blue Planet gods, the Space Emperor, and Lin Feng, who had entered the universe, chose to join the World King Planet. The environment here was the most suitable for continuous development.

“Alright, I’m looking forward to your performance in the God Sealing Battle~ I’ll wait for the day you carry out the champion challenge.” President Saatchi also left and directly confirmed that Shi Yu could definitely get first place.

Outside Epoch Square.

When Shi Yu came out, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng escorted Shi Yu home. At Shi Yu’s residence, the five super divines of Blue Planet had been waiting for a long time. They were rather silent.

He had a new understanding of Shi Yu’s ability to harvest resources and cause trouble.

At the same time, it also made the five of them realize how commendable a genius Shi Yu was. The genius recruited by the elite fleet under the cosmic overlord from various places in the starry sky was actually completely not Shi Yu’s match.

Although they couldn’t reach it at all, when they saw that the genius who walked out of their mother planet actually had such strength, the five super divines actually felt a little proud, as if they could see their high-spirited appearance back then.

“Seniors…” After Shi Yu returned, he looked at the five super divine seniors with hope.

“Can you… help again and open a stone?”

“Cough.” The Space Emperor and Lin Feng coughed dryly. Could it be that the five super divines of Blue Planet had come to be tool gods?

If the divine beasts of the five major god races knew that their ancestor was commanded by a quasi divine, their eyes would probably pop out…

“You can drive,” the Kirin Race super divine said after a moment of silence.

“Thank you, seniors… However, we might have to wait.”

…

“We’ve arrived at World King City!”

At the teleportation point of World King City, a beautiful figure appeared. It was Teacher Gem Cat, who possessed rushed over from Sky City. She had opened the first super divine rock in a hurry and forgot to stack the buffs. This time, before planning to snatch the super divine stone, Shi Yu specially invited the gem cat over.

If she and Ling had stacked the buffs together back then, they might have had clothes in their previous life…

“Wuu!!” Outside the teleportation point, Eleven and the others, who had finished the God Sealing Battle, were in disguise like celebrities as they welcomed Teacher Cat.

After the two parties met, they arrived at Shi Yu’s residence.

“Are we just waiting for her?” The five super divines waited for the gem cat girl for a long time. When the gem cat girl arrived, she instantly received the gazes of the five super divines.

“Uh…” The gem cat girl immediately cursed Shi Yu in her heart. Didn’t Shi Yu say that there were many fun and delicious things in World King City? That was why she came.

Why did the situation… seem to be completely wrong now?

“Hello, seniors…” After Shi Yu introduced the five super divines of Azure Planet to the gem cat, the gem cat girl’s expression darkened even more.

“That’s what happened. Teacher Ying is the inheritor of the Star Prayer Race. I want to open this super divine rock under her wish power and Ling’s blessing power!”

“I see. The power of luck of the Wind Kirin Race and the power of wishes of the Star Prayer Race are almost a perfect combination,” the Kirin Race super divine said. “However, the things interior this rock have long been established. It’s not random. Is it useful?”

“I’m just trying to comfort myself,” Shi Yu said with a smile. In any case, he wasn’t the one who was going through the trouble.

“Sigh. (I’m so silly… Really…)” The gem cat finally understood. She possessed been called over by Shi Yu and indeed wanted to work.

Next, like last time, the five super divines worked together to help Shi Yu open the stone.

Five streams of super divine power flowed towards the super divine stone. In the next moment, dense cracks appeared on the exterior of the super divine stone.

Right on the heels of that, it all shattered. Shi Yu took a deep breath and watched seriously.

Compared to Shi Yu’s nervous mood, the five super divines were much calmer. At their level, they could be calm no matter what the super divine rock opened. After all, even the weakest super divine couldn’t be compared to peak divine-level experts like the Space Emperor.