Chapter 1497 - 1497 The Gaze Of The Four Saints Super Divine (5)

1497 The Gaze of the Four Saints Super Divine (5)

One of the Four Holy Family, the Black Tortoise Family!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the Black Tortoise family, there was a time-element turtle that was an expert in divination and had reached the perfect god level.

Recently, it had been invited by the clan to divine something. That was, the origin of the turtle and snake evolver, the Super Holy Beast, in the God Sealing Battle. Was there any hope of pulling it into the Black Tortoise Family?

After a long time of hard work, it finally divined some clues. However, with a look, the old turtle immediately exploded. With a panicked expression, it found the head of the Black Tortoise Family, a super divine-level Black Tortoise Evolver!

“Ancestor, Ancestor, something’s wrong!!!”

This old turtle arrived in front of the super divine mystic realm where the family head was in shock and greeted.

“What is it?” The super divine mystic realm opened, and an old voice sounded.

“Ancestor, sorry to disturb you. Recently, the clan asked me to make a divination of the situation of a new planet with potential and a Black Tortoise Evolver.”

“Yes.” The Black Tortoise super divine nodded.

“In the end, my divination was of a very terrifying thing. I saw a future scene. A human Beast Tamer will bring a Green Dragon, a White Tiger, a Vermillion Bird, and a Black Tortoise to move the ruins of the Four Saints Era!!”

“What??” The invisible Black Tortoise super divine let out an incredulous voice.

“You mean that one day, the ruins of the Four Saints Era will be cracked and taken away by someone, and the person who took it away is related to the Super Holy Beast you predicted?”

“That’s right! The rule of my divination skill is that if the divination fails, I can’t divine anything. Otherwise, the scene divined will 100% come true, so the result I divined… might be true. The ruins of the Four Saints Era are about to be cracked!”

“I understand…” The Black Tortoise super divine nodded and said, “Don’t make this public first. You can leave now.”

“Yes!” The old turtle took its leave.

After the old turtle left, the Black Tortoise super divine pondered for a long time.

In fact, it would also use the method of the tortoise shell to deduce the future.

A moment later, it took out a turtle shell.

The word “Great Misfortune” appeared on the shell.

This made the pupils of the Black Tortoise super divine shrink.

After a long time, after careful consideration, it put away the tortoise shell and took out three tokens. When the tokens were taken out, three figures automatically appeared in front of it.

A dragon-shaped phantom, a sparrow-shaped phantom, and a tiger-shaped phantom.

“Old turtle, why are you summoning us?” the dragon-shaped phantom said.

“My three old friends…” The Black Tortoise super divine said kindly, “I wonder if you still remember the Four Holy Ruins.”

The Green Dragon, Vermillion Bird, and White Tiger were stunned. “That era ruin…”

They naturally remembered. Unfortunately, they couldn’t crack this era ruin either, nor could they ignore the rules and take away the power of faith that made them envious.

However, although they couldn’t be taken away, they wouldn’t be affected even if they didn’t have this bit of power of faith. At super divine levels, they had long established their own divine kingdoms. The power of faith was still enough.

Over time, the Four Saints super divine handed this ruin to the family to cooperate with the archeological association to manage. It was used to nurture the family’s strength and nurture believers. As for them, they couldn’t be bothered to waste time researching and cracking according to the rules mechanism of the Four Holy Ruins. The efficiency was too low, so it was better to cultivate on their own.

“Yes, just now, I obtained a confirmed divination. In the future, this Four Holy Ruins will be cracked and taken away by a human Beast Tamer with the four holy pets…”

The Black Tortoise super divine said slowly.

“Of course, the Four Holy Ruins is an ownerless item. It depends on whoever has the ability to take it away. However…” The Black Tortoise super divine said in a low voice, “You also know how huge and pure the power of faith of the era contained in the Four Holy Ruins is. Although it’s useless to us and is just icing on the cake, there’s still a chance to nurture a few invincible Four Holy Beasts with this ruin that have a chance of stepping into the super divine level.”

“At this point, I think everyone understands what this means, right?”

The other three super divines naturally knew what this old turtle meant!

In fact, they didn’t care if the power of faith in the Four Holy Ruins was theirs. It didn’t matter to them if they distributed it to all the Four Holy Evolvers. However, if this power of faith was obtained by one person, there would be a big problem.

Every Four Holy Evolver was essentially a competitor.

The reason why the four super divine level Four Saints established their families was actually also to monitor every Four Holy Evolver under their noses and let their growth be controllable to avoid threatening their status and competing with them for the greatest power of faith.

No matter how much power of faith there was in the Four Holy Ruins, as long as it was divided equally among a group of Four Holy Evolvers, that group of Four Holy Evolvers couldn’t pose a threat to them.

However, if they all fell into the hands of one person, just as the Black Tortoise super divine said, the other party would possess the potential to grow to the super divine level. At that time, one World King Planet, two super divine level Green Dragons, and two super divine level Vermillion Birds would be a very serious problem.

The Vermillion Bird supernatural deity said, “Old turtle, are you sure?”

If it was true, he definitely couldn’t let the other party successfully take away the Four Holy Ruins. The best solution was to take the other party into the Vermillion Bird Family and let the other party serve the Vermillion Bird Family.

“I’m basically sure,” the Black Tortoise super divine said.

As soon as it finished speaking, a trace of killing intent flashed in the Green Dragon’s super divine eyes. It definitely wouldn’t allow other Green Dragon Evolvers to challenge its position. “Do you know who the other party is?”

“There are some clues.” When the Black Tortoise super divine saw that the other three super divine saints were so concerned, it knew that there was no need for it to solve this matter. This was good.

Initially, it wanted the Black Tortoise Family to come into contact with the guy who might possess taken away the Four Holy Ruins.

However, the result of its divination was very fierce!

This made the Black Tortoise supernatural deity wary and decide to allow the other three super divine experts test it… After all, there weren’t many existences that could cause a super divine expert that had transcended several times to possess a “great ominous sign”…