Chapter 1490 - 1490 The World Where Only Zi Jian Is Injured (2)

1490 The World Where Only Zi Jian is Injured (2)

“What’s the background of Shi Yu? Who exactly is he? Do any of you know? His pets are so strong, and he actually has more than one pet. He actually contracted two super pets.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Why didn’t he summon them together just now instead of summoning one alone? Could it be that he issued some strange divine contract rule to himself? He can only summon one pet every time, but he can increase the strength of the pet? Otherwise, why would he let the pets register separately?”

“I still don’t understand. Isn’t Shi Yu a mechanic? But I remember that the Time Sect Master mainly cultivates the power of faith. It doesn’t belong to the same cultivation system!”

As the crowd discussed, a noble young man passed by and almost couldn’t control his surging mood. This was the son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang. He originally wanted to leave World King City, but when he heard that the cosmic overlord army was here, he planned to stay a few more days.

However, he didn’t expect that he had already been completely expelled from the ten supernovas today. He, who was originally in tenth place, was directly squeezed out in the eyes of passers-by with Ling’s rise.

“Who is this person? Could it be that he’s also the son of a super divine? But I’ve never heard of someone with the surname Shi.” Tian Shang stared at Shi Yu and Shorty. It was also very unbelievable. After Zavay lost just now, he had given up on the idea of challenging the cosmic overlord army. However, he didn’t expect that Shi Yu, who appeared out of nowhere, was actually so strong and easily did what he thought was impossible.

Luster heard the audience’s exclamation and said, “Du Zhe, you do it.”

As soon as Luster finished speaking, a fiery red antman walked out of the soldiers of the 177th Corps. Apart from its humanoid body, its entire body was covered in the characteristics of ants. Its shell was like red armor. Compared to Yun Mo just now, it looked very ordinary. However, after careful observation, some old, divine-level experts immediately felt their hair stand on end.

“Red Ant!! It’s actually a Red Ant!!”

“Apart from the Yun Race, the cosmic overlord army didn’t even let go of the Space Worm!!”

After seeing this antman, countless divine-levels couldn’t sit still anymore.

“Senior, what’s the Red Ant?” A newbie with insufficient experience asked the veteran divine-levels. Those veteran gods who knew about the Space Worm explained it solemnly.

“There are a total of 13 mutants in the super race of the Space Worm!”

“These 13 mutants aren’t like those ordinary worms that devour everything. They only devour specific lives. These specific lives are more in line with their evolutionary needs and can make them stronger.”

“For the Space Worms, sometimes, it doesn’t mean that the more they eat, the more powerful their evolution will be. The ‘evolution recipe’ that’s suitable for them is the most important. The ancestors of these 13 mutants have all reached the peak of the super divine level and left behind the best evolution recipe. Therefore, they can be said to be nobles among the Space Worms. The Red Ant is one of these 13 Space Worm nobles.”

“By the way, I forgot to tell you. The recipe for the Red Ant… is a human Beast Tamer, and a human Beast Tamer who signed a contract with it. A Red Ant basically has to eat 10 divine-level Beast Tamers who have signed a contract with it, or 1,000 Level 9 Beast Tamers, to break through to the divine level. Once it breaks through, the weakest is at least high-level divine battle power,” the senior said to the junior.

“This is… a race that likes to eat humans. Moreover, they’re very strong. Apart from their intrinsic racial skills, they also master two top-notch law divine skills!”

“The Law of Strength, the Law of Control, and the top-notch quality strength and protection laws have almost tempered the body to the extreme. It’s close to a cosmic behemoth and is the strongest warrior of the insect race. Speaking of which, it’s strange. Using people as a recipe, it actually boosts strength and defense, not intelligence. This recipe is really strange.”

In a short instant, the horror of the Red Ant that ate contractors spread on the Internet.

At the scene, President Saatchi naturally recognized the Red Ant and couldn’t help but say, “Captain Luster, don’t tell me your 177th Army went to the Filthy Land and the Worm Race Mother Nest to take a look before returning to World King Planet. Don’t tell me that your last new recruit is a cosmic behemoth.”

The Filthy Land, Worm Race Mother Nest was the title given by the humans on the World King Planet to the territories of the cosmic emperor, the Dark King, and the cosmic emperor, the Worm Queen. It had the same meaning as the Cosmic Sea.

“Our 177th Army can’t afford to raise a cosmic behemoth yet,” Captain Luster said calmly, denying it.

“Is this little ant the second strongest among the new recruits recruited by the 177th Army?” President Saatchi narrowed his eyes and asked.

“That’s right. It depends on whether Shi Yu can defeat it again!” Luster said.

As soon as Luster finished speaking, the Red Ant, Du Zhe, had already walked towards the short cat in front of it, step by step.

Its mouth squirmed. It felt that Shi Yu’s aura behind the short cat was very fragrant. It wanted to contract Shi Yu very much, but before that, it had to deal with this cat first…

“Wait a minute, this red ant’s gaze… Don’t tell me it wants to devour Shi Yu.”

“I think so!”

“Damn, why are these new recruits of the 177th Army each additional terrifying than the other? They’re all as terrifying as monsters.”

“However… it shouldn’t be a problem, right? The Time Sect Master is ranked in front of the World Destruction Dragon. Even if this red ant is very strong, the Time Sect Master is definitely stronger.”

When the audience paid attention to the battle, they realized that the Red Ant’s gaze was becoming additional and more terrifying. That was the gaze that couldn’t help but look at its prey. Just this gaze crossed the live broadcast, making a group of people and even new divine-level Beast Tamers feel their hearts skip a beat.