Chapter 1493 - 1493 The Gaze Of The Four Saints Super Divine (1)

1493 The Gaze of the Four Saints Super Divine (1)

“Mr. Shi Yu, this is your reward for breaking through the arena.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the hall of the 177th Army’s fleet, Shi Yu took a piece of spatial equipment from a tall undead with unknown strength.

“The most valuable reward here is the A-level Quests Token. It can specify our 177th Fleet to serve you on a mission that doesn’t exceed A-level difficulty.”

“What’s this A-level standard?” Shi Yu asked.

The tall undead smiled kindly and said, “The standard of the A-level Quests can roughly be seen as deciding the direction of a war without super divine level battle power.”

“Or, Sir Shi Yu, which intermediate planet do you want to become the overlord of? Our 177th Fleet can help Sir Shi Yu conquer this planet.”

“The lives on the planet will become your slaves. Everything on the planet will become your treasure. You will be the owner of this planet.”

“Of course, the premise is that it doesn’t involve super divine existences…”

“I understand.” Shi Yu immediately realized that although the value of this A-level Quests token sounded very cool, it was quite terrifying.

For example, Blue Planet.

Blue Planet was an intermediate planet.

With this token, Shi Yu could completely ask the 177th Army to occupy Blue Planet in the Mythical Era.

After all, there were no super divine beings on Blue Planet in the Mythical Era.

Of course, Shi Yu analyzed that the 177th Army shouldn’t be able to take this mission.

After their inspection, they should refuse and think that this exceeded the A-level difficulty.

Although Blue Planet was also an intermediate planet, the Space Emperor and the others regarded it as a quasi high-level planet. It couldn’t be compared to other intermediate planets.

For example, the Floating Planet of the Space Emperor was also an intermediate-level planet, but up until now, the Floating Planet hadn’t even produced a top-notch divine native.

However, there were many top-notch gods born on the Blue Planet. Even the Dragon and Phoenix Races on Blue Planet, such as the Ancestral Dragon and the Origin Phoenix, should have perfect divine battle power at their peak. They were outstanding among top-notch gods and had the strength to temporarily resist super divines.

Otherwise, if they didn’t have this strength, why would Blue Planet win when the three super divines invaded Blue Planet back then? Although the three super divines also fought each other and consumed each other, if Blue Planet’s peak battle power was only that of ordinary top-notch gods, it was definitely impossible for it to last that long. At least five perfect gods should have it.

The three super divines had all died on Blue Planet. It was really hard to say if the 177th Army and the super divine fleet could take Blue Planet alone.

“When it’s useful, I’ll ask for help from the 177th Fleet.” However, Shi Yu still felt that this token should be very useful in the future.

“Alright,” the tall undead said.

There was no rope in or poaching, as Shi Yu imagined. After the 177th Fleet rewarded him with the resources, they directly let Shi Yu leave on his own. It gave Shi Yu a pretty good feeling.

However, when Shi Yu came out, Zi Jian stood outside the hall and looked at him faintly.

“Cough… Captain Zi Jian…” Shi Yu said, “You’re here too… What a coincidence.”

Shi Yu put away the spatial equipment and smiled. “I’ll receive this super divine stone myself. There’s no need to trouble Captain Zi Jian…”

“By the way, it’s alright if you don’t have the super divine stone in your hand now. I can prepare the Cultivation Fruit for you first. You can pay me the money in the future.”

“Huh?” Zi Jian was stunned. “Are you sure?”

“Of course,” Shi Yu said. “I still confide you, Captain Zi Jian!”

“Alright.” Captain Zi Jian’s mood instantly improved. She found Shi Yu more pleasing to the eye and said, “I’ll find a few super divine stones for you as soon as possible.”

“In addition, if that big skeleton wants you to join the 177th Army, don’t go. I’ll give you double what they can give! You might as well come to me.”

“Although the Zi Jian’s special forces don’t have any super divine experts, in terms of treatment, it’s equivalent to a formal super divine fleet. Moreover, there are even fewer people, so you can be assigned more resources. You comprehend what I mean, right?”

Zi Jian was very confident in this aspect.

“Understood.” Shi Yu wanted Captain Zi Jian to lower her voice. This was the other party’s territory.

“Then I’ll anticipate for your Cultivation Fruit,” Captain Zi Jian said with a smile. With that said, she turned and left.

Shi Yu wanted to depart Epoch Square, but he recognized that people were waiting for him one after another. President Saatchi also stopped him from leaving.

“President Saatchi,” Shi Yu said.

“Yo, hehehe.” President Saatchi touched his beard and smiled. “Young man, you did well.”

“The 177th Fleet is the elite fleet of the cosmic overlord army. The new recruits they recruit are all elites recruited from all over the cosmic range.”

“I didn’t expect a little monster like you to be hidden in the God Sealing Battle. I almost missed out,” President Saatchi said, as if it was the first time he knew Shi Yu’s strength.

Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment and said, “It was all just a coincidence that I countered the other party.”

President Saatchi muttered in his heart that he didn’t believe Shi Yu. He asked, “Did the 177th Fleet say anything to you?”

“No, I was just given the prize we agreed on.”

President Saatchi said, “Well, then do you know the purpose of their trip to the World King Planet?”

Shi Yu said, “I think it’s to have a friendly exchange.”

President Saatchi smiled and said, “If the cosmic overlord army recruits you, what will you choose?”

Shi Yu’s heart twitched. This old man was quite nosy. What other choice did he have? He should ask for the salary.

Without waiting for Shi Yu to answer, President Saatchi chuckled and said, “Forget it, how you select is up to you. As long as you remember that no matter where you go, don’t become the enemy of World King Planet.”