Chapter 401 - Baby Ginseng Crushing The Land (1)

“Just now, contestant Gao Xuan also easily hunted a monarch ferocious beast with lightning speed. After that, he seemed to have suddenly discovered something and immediately locked onto contestant Shi Yu’s direction!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the moment, apart from those related to Shi Yu, the other contestants had yet to meet, let alone do something as tiring as hunting monarch-level ferocious beasts so quickly.

Only Gao Xuan hunted a tiger king in a forest.

In the scene, Gao Xuan was riding in the body of the huge Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. The huge silver mecha flew in the sky and passed by a forest. It was regarded by the monarch-level Thousand Rock Tiger King as an invader and was attacked.

“Roar!!” This king of beasts standing on the thousand rocks had a ferocious rock-like body. Its attacks were filled with rock blades.

“Finish it.” Gao Xuan and the others had very strong strength. Just like Shi Yu, they didn’t have to worry about their consumption after being targeted by a monarch-level ferocious beast.

Buzz ~

In the face of the Thousand Rock Tiger King’s Rock Flying Blade, a crystalline transparent protective wall automatically appeared on the outside of the huge Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast mecha. After instantly annihilating and absorbing all the flying rocks, the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast slowly raised its mechanical palm. In the next moment, green flying dragon energy condensed!

Boom!!

“Roar!!!” The energy wave turned into a lifelike green flying dragon that instantly swallowed the Thousand Rock Tiger King at an extremely unbelievable speed. The aftermath of the move destroyed a large area of the mountain into ruins. The Thousand Rock Tiger King was naturally insta-killed without any surprise.

After that, something unexpected happened. Just as it finished dealing with the Thousand Rock Tiger King, the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast suddenly raised its head and quickly rose into the sky to look into the distance.

At this moment, the fragrance had yet to spread to this place, and the lightning in the distance couldn’t be heard here either. It couldn’t be transmitted that far. However, because the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast was a monarch-level mechanical pet, the top monarch-level mechanical pet had a stronger detection system. Its sensitivity to all changes was even stronger than Shi Yu’s pets who had mastered transcendent super vision.

“This is…”

“Now, contestant Gao Xuan seems to be flying in the direction of contestant Shi Yu. Did he sense something? I’m suddenly a little excited. Will the two contestants with the highest chances of winning the National League meet so early?”

“What will the outcome be after they meet?”

[Holy shit, Gao Xuan went for Shi Yu?]

[Are the two big shots going to love and kill each other so quickly?]

[Who will win, who will win!!]

[If it were before, I would have bet on the Gao Xuan team, but now… I feel that it will be a tragic battle. It’s hard to say.]

“Contestant Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast could dominate the National League with an absolute advantage a year ago.”

“It’s said that in order to prepare for this National League, he also prepared other secret trump cards!”

“As for contestant Shi Yu, he’s undoubtedly the super dark horse of the National League. Before the ranking of the Sequence Battle was announced and before the start of this National League, no one expected that contestant Shi Yu, who had just entered university, could enter the highest stage of the National League so forcefully.”

“However, I’m actually a little worried at this moment,” the commentator, Gu Yu, said. “At the moment, contestant Shi Yu’s pets are very scattered. In such a situation, if he encounters contestant Gao Xuan, will it have a disadvantageous impact on contestant Shi Yu?”

The commentator’s words made sense.

Everyone analyzed the current situation.

At the moment, Shi Yu had a total of five pets, and only one ginseng baby was beside him.

The distance between the other four and Shi Yu was almost increasing.

In such a situation, no matter which direction Gao Xuan came from, Shi Yu’s side was at a huge disadvantage.

[Big Boss Shi Yu probably wants to send four pets to guard the surroundings and defeat all the ‘bonuses’ that have been attracted over to pursue efficiency.]

[From the performance of the Iron-eating Beast, the Water Slime, and the Butterfly of Imagination, I think it’s alright… Of course, the premise is not to encounter Captain Gao.]

[Damn, isn’t Big Boss Shi Yu really worried that a certain pet will encounter Captain Gao alone or that a fish that escaped the net will break through and kill him and Baby Ginseng? Speaking of which, the defense power around Big Boss Shi Yu seems a little weak.]

Everyone looked at Shi Yu, who was sitting alone with Baby Ginseng on the rock on the screen, and expressed their views.

As if in response to the expectations of countless spectators, the two commentators suddenly discovered the abnormality of the other contestants again!

“Demon Capital University contestant Shi Zhuo disappeared from the scene!!!” Han Lu explained in surprise.

“Contestant Shi Zhuo is also one of the few contestants closer to contestant Shi Yu. After sensing the commotion just now, he was also moving in the direction of contestant Shi Yu. However, suddenly, he seemed to have disappeared!”

“Let’s see the replay.”

In the scene.

A dark-skinned young man was riding a huge snake more than ten meters long on the ground.

This huge snake was silver-white all over, like metal. It had reddish-brown eyes and an extremely fierce appearance.

The young man stood on its head and rushed in the direction of the fragrance.

“Roar!!” This huge snake, like the Tornado Sparrow and the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon just now, lost its mind from the sweetness. It was very excited.

As for the young man, he seemed to have the intention of going to the venue to investigate. Compared to the other two, he was relatively calm, because he had the confidence to “successfully escape” even when facing Gao Xuan.