Chapter 407 - Gao Xuan Was Beaten Away (2)

In the depths of the Yunying Mountain Range.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As he sensed a connection, Shi Yu was slightly stunned. He looked south where Chi Tong was.

At this moment, although Chi Tong was already very far away from him, there was still a mental connection between the two parties.

Not only because of the contract, but also because Chi Tong was a soul seed hatched by Shi Yu. Most importantly, Shi Yu had a telepathy talent.

The distance that could be maintained with a contracted pet was much further than other talented Beast Tamers.

It was precisely because of this that Shi Yu could easily send all his pets out and not be afraid of losing contact.

“Gao Xuan finally appeared.” Shi Yu was as surprised as Chi Tong.

In his opinion, the only troublesome guy in this National League was Gao Xuan.

As long as he dealt with Gao Xuan, he would basically lock onto the national champion. He would also have a pile of top-grade mechanical materials.

[Chi Tong, test it. If it doesn’t work, run.]

[You might not necessarily be able to defeat it, but it definitely can’t outrun you.]

Shi Yu still acknowledged Chi Tong’s first speed in the team.

[We’ll go over now. When the time comes, we’ll gang up on him!]

[Chi Tong: QAQ? Mi?]

Wu wu wu.

What about the trust between Beast Tamers and pets? Why was it that the other teammates were just killing randomly, but when it came to him, it had to run if it couldn’t do it?

What happened to the cool female lead story?

Shi Yu actually wanted to stabilize the result.

After all, Chi Tong’s strength was inferior to Eleven and Buggy, and it wasn’t like Susu in the distance, who could have the Time Fruit in its stomach to transform perfectly. The side effects were extremely small, second only to Baby Ginseng. Therefore, it was better for it to run quickly. It was better for them to all gang up on him.

At that time, if Chi Tong possessed him, it would be equivalent to Chi Tong being the one who won, so it would probably be satisfied..

Of course, the premise was to test it out and run “if it can’t win”. If it worked, he would pretend that he didn’t say anything.

Chi Tong and the others weren’t sent out empty-handed by Shi Yu.

Shi Yu had prepared many trump cards for the National League. This was not just for show.

At this moment, on the hilt of Little Chi Tong in the south, there was a thread-shaped ring made of transparent worm silk that was almost invisible to the naked eye…

This ring was not simple.

This was a spatial equipment created by Buggy with worm silk and spatial pocket skills.

Not only was there low-level equipment of legendary quality inside, but General Mu’s Gemini Silver Armor also had an environmental protection badge with the Ice Dragon Phantom created by Buggy…

Apart from that, the Gemini Silver Armor had even been enchanted by General Mu Huiyin’s illusion with Buggy’s phantom.

Hehe… Although it couldn’t last long, if the opponent didn’t have the strength of an overlord, they would have to pray for themselves when facing Chi Tong’s equipment.

At the same time, Shi Yu’s spiritual consciousness seemed to be in a dark space.

The space was like an alternate world. Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and Susu’s spiritual consciousness were also there.

The six life forms confirmed the other party’s situation as if they had started an “on-line meeting”.

[Confirm the location and deal with Gao Xuan together!]

Shi Yu’s summoning stunned Buggy, Eleven, and Susu.

Gao Xuan was here?

Oh!

Great!

Gao Xuan and the pets were excited. They aimed at Gao Xuan’s “bounty”.

“This is Dong Huang Radio and Television Station!!”

Shi Yu and the others realized that Gao Xuan was approaching. The audience watching the live broadcast was even more certain.

At this moment, everyone was extremely excited.

Holy shit, the two big boss-level contestants of the National League were finally going to meet.

“As everyone can see, contestant Gao Xuan is already less than ten thousand meters away from contestant Shi Yu’s fire sword spirit. He’ll encounter it in the blink of an eye!!”

In the scene, there was a huge silver mecha more than ten meters tall with obvious dragon-shaped characteristics on its head. It looked like a dragonman. At this moment, it was flying at lightning speed with the support of white energy light wings.

In the body of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, Gao Xuan sat inside. Through the detection equipment of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, he had already perfectly locked onto Chi Tong in the distance.

In terms of detection ability, Shi Yu’s pets were indeed inferior to Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.

Before Chi Tong discovered Gao Xuan, Gao Xuan had already discovered Chi Tong.

Gao Xuan looked at the fiery red sword spirit in the scene and his expression immediately froze.

The reason why he quickly came over was indeed because he sensed something.

It was the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast that sensed a high-intensity energy wave. It was this that attracted Gao Xuan.

However, Gao Xuan didn’t expect to encounter Shi Yu’s pet on the way…

[Race Name]: Sword Spirit (No detailed classification at the moment)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 3,950,000

“It’s Shi Yu’s sword spirit!”

“As expected…”

When he first saw Shi Yu at the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, he had discovered the abnormality of this sword spirit. At the commander level, it had 180,000 energy points. After the monarch level, its strength would definitely be even more terrifying.

And now, his prediction was indeed correct. 3,950,000 energy points was almost comparable to the normal energy of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast that he had specially strengthened in terms of energy!

If this sword spirit mastered the possession skill again, Shi Yu would definitely be able to threaten him back then.

Yes, him back then.

As for now, Gao Xuan looked at the sword spirit’s energy value and felt no fluctuations in his heart. Fortunately, he was prepared and had even upgraded the fire resistance system.

When flames of the same level hit the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, the power could at least offset 30%.

However, what puzzled Gao Xuan the most was that with the powerful detection system of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, there was actually no Shi Yu or his other pets in a large area around this sword spirit.