Chapter 409 - Gao Xuan Was Beaten Away (4)

On the ice dragon, a woman with peerless charm and extraordinary spirit appeared. She was wearing the Gemini Silver Armor and a fiery red cloak.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This person had soft snow-white skin, fiery red hair that draped over her shoulders, and a very beautiful face without any makeup. The most unique thing was her deep starry eyes.

[Holy shit… This person is…]

At this moment, when they saw this person, some of the audience instantly widened their eyes and revealed incredulous expressions.

The shocked audience was basically Beast Tamers who had watched the lost history on a certain video platform!

At this moment, their eyes almost popped out as they watched the perfect replay of the video.

In the venue were all the Beast Tamers of the nine major universities. Almost every one of them had seen the short video of Mu Huiyin’s legend, so at this moment, they were far more shocked than the audience watching the live broadcast.

“Mi!!!”

The moment time seemed to have stopped under the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy of the Ice Dragon, in the vision of the audience, the sword spirit Shi Yu sent out suddenly changed into countless clones that landed in the armor of this phantom.

The ten thousand swords became one! Possession again!

In the next moment, red flames that shot into the sky erupted from Mu Huiyin’s phantom. The flames burst into the sky. In an instant, the world changed. Countless snow clouds instantly disappeared, and the entire sky was immediately dyed orange-red.

At the same time, a red sword appeared in Mu Huiyin’s phantom hand.

Then, she looked at the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast with a calm Chi Tong…

As if it was saying: “Be careful… Don’t die… If you have hidden strength, take it out…”

“This…” In the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s body, after a short daze, Gao Xuan had already recovered. However, at this moment, he was even more absent-minded as he looked at everything in disbelief!

How was this possible!!!

Swoosh…

As soon as he finished speaking, an incomparably dazzling sword aura that was more than ten meters tall, intertwined with blue and red, was like a rolling snowstorm. It was like an erupting volcano, directly sweeping the dragon and phoenix might towards the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast to crush it, intersecting…

The combination skill of Buggy and Chi Tong crossing thousands of miles, General Mu Huiyin’s descent!!!

Boom!!!

On the other side, Gao Xuan almost resisted the incomparable pressure and made the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast swing the Holy Dragon Light Sword. At the same time, he activated the super frequency mode to strengthen the defense system of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast to the limit.

Because this power… was no longer purely the power of fire.

Just the fire resistance system of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast… couldn’t defend against it!

In the next moment.

The Interlocking Sword crushed space. The shocking sword light almost instantly swallowed the Holy Dragon Light Sword and crushed it into light that filled the sky. Then, the pupils of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and Gao Xuan, who was inside, constricted. An incomparably terrifying sword pressure descended on the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast!!

The sword pressed down and directly swept up a huge smoke, devouring the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast in one bite. The terrifying aftermath instantly turned into cold wind and hot wind that spread in all directions. At the same time, in the sky, the golden and silver figure of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast fell into the distance like a kite with a broken string. White smoke lingered on its body, and it was filled with injuries.

At this moment, the sword in Mu Huiyin’s phantom’s hand trembled.

Because it sensed that this attack couldn’t hurt the other party. Although it suppressed the other party, it was only the most basic scratch. At the last moment, the other party activated a defense system comparable to an overlord and offset most of the damage.

However, although Chi Tong felt that it didn’t hurt the other party much, the scene of it sending the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast flying with a swing directly caused an incomparable commotion all over the country. Countless Beast Tamers looked at Mu Huiyin’s phantom in the scene in shock and at the red sword spirit in her hand, revealing extremely shocked expressions!!

“This… This…”

“What exactly…”

The two commentators seemed to have lost their minds as they looked at the shocking scene in front of them.

The big shots of the fourth bureau, especially Old Liu, got up from the sofa with a whoosh. Their teeth kept colliding, and they were very shocked.

The teachers and students of Imperial Capital University also stood up together and exclaimed that it was impossible. Yin Zhengfan’s eyes were filled with confusion.

Even the old principal of Imperial Capital University was the same. He couldn’t believe that Gao Xuan was actually suppressed by a single pet.

Only the teachers and students from Ancient Capital University who had experienced the heroic spirit ruins with Shi Yu were extremely excited. Their hair stood on end, and their expressions were shocked and overjoyed.

[This, this, this, this, this…]

[Why would an ice dragon appear!!]

[Wait, isn’t that figure General Mu Huiyin?!]

[Holy shit, wait, why does Big Boss Shi Yu’s fire sword spirit look so similar to the sword in General Mu Huiyin’s hand in the video?] The Internet was equally shocked.

At this moment, Legend Xiao Shuang felt that it was no longer suitable for the two master-level Beast Tamers to explain the situation in front of them. She directly stood up and looked at the scene with a deep gaze.

“Those are… illusions.”

“An illusion created by the Butterfly of Imagination.”

“That sword spirit has always carried the phantom created by the other party on its body. This is a combination skill that has crossed a long distance.”

As soon as Legend Xiao Shuang finished speaking, it caused another huge commotion. The audience found it even more difficult to understand. The fire sword spirit and the Butterfly of Imagination were worlds apart. How could this be a combination skill?

Moreover, this combination skill form was simply…

At this moment, Legend Xiao Shuang couldn’t explain further. She looked at Principal Feng, who was sitting in the seat of Ancient Capital University. At this moment, only Principal Feng could explain this situation.

At that moment, looking at the scene, Principal Feng laughed and said,

“I know this combination skill.”

“It’s called: Mu Huiyin Descent!”

“The reason why it’s called this is because the sword spirit Shi Yu contracted is the heroic spirit of the legendary Mu Huiyin, the number one general under Emperor Shi of the Dong Huang Dynasty and known as the Ice Dragon General!!”

“It’s a high-level overlord race.”

“And that Ice Dragon Phantom is General Mu Huiyin’s first battle pet. It’s worth mentioning that this Ice Dragon has actually lived until today. The Ice Dragon Snow Mountain that has always lived in Icefield City has even advanced to the totem level and become our country’s new guardian.”

“In the past, that Butterfly of Imagination often summoned its illusions to fight.”

“This is also Shi Yu’s archeological discovery. Those who don’t know can pay attention to Shi Yu’s account. There’s a lost historical video he posted there. There’s a certain introduction to General Mu Huiyin.”

“This combination skill was created by Shi Yu through archeological discoveries. As expected of the archeological genius of our Ancient Capital University, hahaha.”

As soon as Principal Feng finished speaking, those who didn’t know the situation revealed the most shocked expressions today through the clues in their words. As for those Beast Tamers who had already known about Mu Huiyin’s legend and had seen the video, after hearing that the sword spirit Shi Yu contracted was the heroic spirit of General Mu Huiyin, they immediately opened their mouths wide and looked at the beautiful general phantom in the scene who repelled Gao Xuan with a sword again. They revealed collapsed expressions as if they had lost their dreams.

At this moment, the fourth round shook. A group of mechanical big shots who pursued “innovation” looked at the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast that was suppressed by “archeology”. Their gazes wandered.

Legend Xiao Shuang, President Xia, and Director Zhong also looked at Principal Feng and the phantom combination skill in the scene in silence.

At this moment, the ones who wanted to cry the most were still the commentators. They swore that they would never explain Shi Yu’s battle again in the future. It was too difficult. They didn’t know how to do this…

However, the battle was still intense, and no one was allowed to be too shocked.

Looking at everything in the scene, the commentator, Han Lu, suddenly made a shocking discovery.

“F*ck… Look, after the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast was beaten to the ground, it didn’t lose its ability to fight, but it didn’t continue to counterattack either. Instead, it… activated the ‘escape system’. It turned around and flew away!!”

In the scene, after a round of confrontation, Gao Xuan was shocked to the extreme. Although he could activate the final super frequency driving mode to fight the sword spirit to the death, from the beginning to the end, Shi Yu himself had yet to show his face. In this situation, he crazily suppressed his urge and didn’t dare to act rashly. He decided to take his time and instantly turned to run.

As long as there was life, there was hope. This sword spirit was too f*cking strange!!!

At the same time, seeing Gao Xuan escape, Gao Xuan’s supporters opened their mouths wide. Ah, this… Captain Gao was chased away??