Chapter 403 - Baby Ginseng Crushing The Land (3)

On the platform, even President Xia, who had praised Shi Yu twice just now, became slightly serious.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“There’s a good show to watch…” Director Zhong Yan was also amused. He liked to see this kind of non-frontal encounter. This was the charm of a field battle.

“Why do I keep feeling that… the one in danger will be that Shi Zhuo…” Legend Xiao Shuang was silent.

Coupled with the battle results of Baby Ginseng crushing the two overlords, in addition to the fragrance performance just now, and… because of the mental connection with the Eye of the Stars, she knew very well that among Shi Yu’s pets, this Baby Ginseng was the strongest energy wave!

What would happen next…

“Dong Huang Radio and Television Station, Dong Huang Radio and Television Station. Now, contestant Shi Zhuo is getting closer and closer to contestant Shi Yu… Next, double…”

As the commentator, Gu Yu, spoke, he was suddenly stunned. This was because in the scene, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng, who had been silent and maintained the same posture just now, suddenly changed their movements!

In the depths of the Yunying Mountain Range, Shi Yu stretched his shoulders slightly and stood up on the rock to stretch.

“Someone’s coming from the ground.”

“Yiya!! (Yes.)” Baby Ginseng beside him released its sweetness as it said.

“Yiya! (They’re really unreliable!)” Baby Ginseng patted its chest. At the critical moment, Shi Yu still had to rely on the great Ginseng!

“I did think of this possibility at the start, but I didn’t expect these contestants to be so showy,” Shi Yu said.

Eleven, Chi Tong, Buggy, Susu, and the others might not have noticed.

But it wasn’t a big problem. Baby Ginseng was different. Its perception of the ground was deeper.

The reason was very simple. It had the transcendent earth-element skill Strengthening and the Dao Proficiency earth-element racial skill Earth Chain. Coupled with its super vision, its perception of the underground was not something Eleven and the others could compare to.

So be it… Shi Yu thought about it. Should he play with the other party?

In fact, Shi Yu was not worried about his safety at all.

At this moment, he was wearing a water drop pendant on his neck. This water drop was the full-level protective water created by Susu. With this, he wasn’t afraid of sneak attacks at all. Unless it was an overlord-level attack, it couldn’t break through his defense at all. Shi Yu had already tested it.

And this was only one of the strange pieces of equipment on Shi Yu’s body. Although the equipment he brought were all equipment that conformed to the rules, because these equipment were self-made, they were definitely more ferocious than the equipment fully armed by other contestants. It could even give Shi Yu the confidence to fight weaker monarch-level ferocious beasts alone.

Moreover, there was no need for him to face it himself. Wasn’t Baby Ginseng here? If the last team internal competition wasn’t held on a glacier but here where the earth and plants were filled with natural energy, Baby Ginseng might really be able to defeat Eleven and Buggy.

Here, some of its combination skills could be better used…

“Forget it, Baby Ginseng, I’ll leave it to you,” Shi Yu chose in the end.

Upon hearing this order, Baby Ginseng nodded. Then, it looked into the distance and underground.

Shi Yu also looked in that direction.

With this look, the Eye of the Stars immediately caught a close-up. It also made countless spectators discover Shi Yu and the others’ abnormalities!

[Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, did Shi Yu and the others look underground just now?]

[Has Shi Zhuo been discovered?]

[I don’t know, but even if he’s discovered, Shi Yu shouldn’t be able to lock onto the other party now and attack him.]

“Just now, contestant Shi Yu seemed to have glanced at the ground with Baby Ginseng!!!”

“Could it be that he was exposed?”

“It’s said that contestant Shi Zhuo’s Iron Cliff Snake has already trained its Earth Escape skill to perfection. It can already perfectly fuse with the ground and is almost very hard to discover. contestant Shi Zhuo even relied on this move to kill a monarch-level ferocious beast in the territory of an overlord-level creature and retreat unscathed. Therefore, theoretically speaking, their movements are very secretive.”

The two commentators immediately introduced Shi Zhuo’s battle results to everyone.

However, no matter how they tried to fix it, they were already discovered. Soon, in the scene, Baby Ginseng stopped releasing the sweetness and looked at the ground with deep green eyes.

Then, it gently jumped under the rock, bent down, and pressed its palm to the ground!

Combination skill, Earth Demon!

Boom.

In the next moment, a scene that made all the audience silent appeared.

As Baby Ginseng pressed its palm to the ground, the surrounding ground immediately began to tremble violently with it as the center.

With a boom, the ground behind Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng cracked, and a wooden giant grew out.

Right on the heels of that, a brown substance swept across the wooden giant, and its size was still increasing crazily.

In just two seconds, accompanied by a shocking change, the huge wooden statue born behind Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng expanded to a hundred meters tall. Moreover, limbs began to extend from its body, and its head became a dignified earth-brown hundred-meter-tall statue!

The height of the huge wooden statue had already made it the focus of the entire screen.

The appearance of the huge combination skill that was more than a hundred meters tall made Shi Yu and the others feel dizzy, as if the iron-eating beast had shocked the surroundings just now.

Earth Chain+Strengthening+Plant Control+Multiplication super combination skill. Earth Demon that could maintain its activity by absorbing the power of the earth!!