Chapter 406 - Gao Xuan Was Beaten Away (1)

…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Next, let’s see how the other contestants are doing.”

In the outside world, everyone was gradually used to the abnormal performance of Shi Yu’s pets.

They swore that no matter what abnormal abilities Shi Yu’s pet displayed next, they could withstand it and not make a fuss.

At this moment, many people were confused.

Was this really the level of someone ranked outside the top 100 of the Sequence Battle?

They felt that something was wrong, because in the past few days, it wasn’t like there weren’t contestants at the front of the Sequence battle who had fought openly, but their performance didn’t seem to be as fierce as Shi Yu?

At this moment, it wasn’t that there weren’t any Sequence contestants paying attention to the National League.

Among them, there was no lack of top 20. The top 50 contestants were also paying attention to the National League.

When they saw Shi Yu’s performance, they fell silent and immediately felt threatened.

This was definitely not the strength of a Beast Tamer ranked above the 100th place in the initial ranking. This guy… wasn’t that simple!

“Contestants Li Qiu, Chu Yiang, and Shi Zhuo are the closest to contestant Shi Yu.”

“The other contestants are relatively far away and more cautious. Although they’re moving over, they don’t move forward at a high speed. The chances of the pets Shi Yu sends encountering them in the short term aren’t high.”

“Calculating the current distance and the contestant’s movement speed, next, the one most likely to encounter contestant Shi Yu… is contestant Gao Xuan??”

In the live-stream, Han Lu and Gu Yu analyzed.

“Moreover, from the direction of contestant Gao Xuan, if he continues to fly at such a high speed on the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, the pet that he’s most likely to encounter in the future is…”

Flame Sword Spirit, Chi Tong!!

Everyone immediately judged it.

This result stunned many people.

It wasn’t that powerful Water Slime, nor was it the powerful Nine Li Battle Beast, nor was it the powerful Butterfly of Imagination, but the fire sword spirit that didn’t have much of a presence at the moment?!

At the same time.

As the strength Shi Yu displayed became more and more ridiculous.

At this moment, the most nervous group was not the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University!

In many mechanical research institutes all over Dong Huang, there were super big bosses who could be said to be at the highest level in the mechanical field of Dong Huang. For some reason, they paid attention to the National League.

In a research institute in the capital.

The retired dean of the Imperial Capital University’s Mechanical College, the senior of the fourth bureau, an old man who had unearthed and cultivated Gao Xuan, watched the live broadcast of the National League in silence.

“Old Liu, can Little Xuan do it? This Shi Yu looks very powerful… As expected of the elites of the third and eleventh bureau.”

“Old Liu, if you want to help Little Gao apply for resources, so be it. Why give it to him through the National League? If this fails, you’ll lose everything.”

The Mechanic named Old Liu kept receiving messages from his peers in the bureau, making him quite unhappy.

What did they know!!

If he gave it away for free, would the kid have a greater sense of accomplishment if he didn’t know how to cherish it after experiencing a test??

If he didn’t use this method, would that kid, Gao Xuan, have the chance to come into contact with his peers if he stayed in the research institute all day? Could it be that he was going to marry a robot in the future? Old Liu, who didn’t have any descendants, clearly treated Gao Xuan, who he had raised since young, as his grandson.

Moreover, Gao Xuan didn’t lose yet.

“Just watch. Little Xuan won’t lose. In order to deal with this Shi Yu, he strengthened all his savings in advance…”

Mechanic Elder Liu looked at the red sword spirit in the scene and was slightly silent. However, one way or another, the “training” of Gao Xuan this time was indeed a little bigger than he imagined. This Shi Yu was indeed a little monster.

At this moment, on the island of the National League, Glass Island, south of the Yunying Mountain Range.

Chi Tong flew in the sky angrily.

Because in this direction, there didn’t seem to be any contestants or even monarch-level pets coming over.

Compared to the unlucky Chi Tong, the other directions were much better.

Susu defeated a contestant, Buggy defeated a contestant, and even Baby Ginseng from “Our Base” defeated a contestant. Only Chi Tong didn’t encounter the moving “bonus”.

On Eleven’s side, although it didn’t encounter any contestants, Eleven encountered a monarch-level ferocious beast that rushed over after smelling the fragrance not long after flying out.

Unsurprisingly, it fainted from Eleven’s might.

As Eleven had stunned 100,000 ferocious beasts in an instant, including ten monarchs, this small experience was not broadcasted at all. However, that was still 10 million yuan.

Only Chi Tong was relatively miserable at the moment.

The people passing by below were all low-level noobs, the kind that weren’t included in the battle results.

“Mi!!”

Chi Tong flew in the sky angrily.

But suddenly, it was stunned.

It sensed a strong energy wave attacking from afar.

This energy wave was even stronger than its strength.

Moreover, it also felt that this wave was very familiar.

It was as if he had seen it somewhere.

“Mi!”

Gao Xuan, Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast!!

Soon, Little Chi Tong in the sky was extremely happy as if it was facing a great enemy.

What a surprise!!!

It was still complaining just now, but Chi Tong never expected that it would actually win the first prize!

“Mi! (Big female lead’s refreshing mode activated!)”

Chi Tong was extremely excited.

It quickly informed Shi Yu that it had encountered a big fish!!!