Chapter 404 - Baby Ginseng Crushing The Land (4)

Many people’s expressions froze.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Damn… What was this!!!

That ginseng baby… what did it do!!!

Countless people shouted in their hearts.

Against its understanding, it compared Baby Ginseng’s small body to the huge wooden statue.

At the same time…

Deep underground.

Shi Zhuo carefully rode the Iron Cliff Snake forward, but in the next moment, their expressions suddenly changed as they sensed the huge change in the ground.

It felt a little dangerous.

But at this moment, it was already too late. A transcendent deterrence directly penetrated the ground and penetrated deep underground, making the Iron Cliff Snake’s pupils suddenly shrink, shocking it on the spot.

In the next moment, the ground trembled even more.

In the audience’s perspective, in the scene, after the Earth Demon Beast appeared, Baby Ginseng returned to its standing posture and flipped its palm gently.

With this flip, the Earth Demon also moved. Its incomparably huge arm… quickly fell, and its palm directly penetrated the ground.

The entire hand was like five mountain peaks. It was incomparably huge, enveloping everything and covering everything. Then, it touched the ground. At this moment, the ground cracked, and countless rocks and dust flew away. The hard ground was like soft mud to the huge hand of this earth demon. Accompanied by a rumbling sound, everyone opened their mouths in shock a moment later!

Boom!!!

Baby Ginseng crushed the land with a flip of its hand!

Even if they weren’t at the scene, everyone seemed to be able to experience the tragic scene personally.

This, this was f*cking…

The scene was blurry, and smoke lingered.

When everyone could see more clearly, they saw that in the scene, the Earth Demon behind Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng still looked like a god.

Its arm and palm had already stretched out from the ground. Apart from that… unlike when it penetrated the ground, the current Earth Demon’s palm was holding an incomparably huge snake with an extremely terrified expression!!

“Roar!!!”

The Iron Cliff Snake’s entire body was controlled, and it struggled with all its might. However, its endless strength was completely crushed!!

At this moment, a figure also came out of the Iron Cliff Snake’s body with a pale face. After he came out, he opened his mouth wide and looked at the hundred-meter-tall demon in front of him in shock. He looked at Shi Yu, who had his arms crossed and was looking at him calmly, and Baby Ginseng, who had his arms crossed, and fell into endless confusion.

His mentality exploded.

Who am I, where am I, this place… What’s going on? What exactly happened…

This was indeed the first contestant to encounter Shi Yu, but unfortunately, he was suppressed before he could see Shi Yu…

In the outside world.

Countless spectators opened their mouths wide again and looked at this scene in confusion. The teachers and students of Demon Capital University even got up with stunned gazes. They kept cursing and lost the ability to think!

The teachers and students of Ancient Capital and Imperial Capital University felt that this ginseng baby was even more terrifying than their impression of it. The netizens and the two commentators were extremely shocked at this moment, and their views shattered again.

Don’t tell them… This was created by that ginseng baby. F*ck, this was a ginseng baby??

When Shi Zhuo came over, many people were sweating at Shi Yu. At this moment, they looked at the Iron Cliff Snake that was pinched and unable to break free, as well as Shi Zhuo, who was pale and afraid to move on the spot. They felt that this world was so crazy. Not only was this ginseng baby f*cking nutritious, its battle power was also f*cking terrifying!!

Why were all Shi Yu’s pets so strange! Even the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University, such as Yin Zhengfan, who trusted Gao Xuan extremely, had their expressions change at this moment. They were a little worried. Captain Gao, Captain Gao shouldn’t be a problem, right…