Chapter 405 - Gao Xuan Was Beaten Up

“Yi (You fell before I even used any strength.)”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the depths of the Yunying Mountain Range.

Baby Ginseng stood on the ground.

Behind it was a hundred-meter-tall Earth Demon.

Under the suppression of the Earth Demon, the Iron Cliff Snake and Shi Zhuo slowly fainted.

The surprise element was part of it, but the sweetness aura also played a part.

The Earth Demon was actually a very comprehensive combination skill.

As a plant body, it could also produce hypnotic sweetness.

Or, it could receive the enhancement of the power of the Moon Explosion and undergo a partial and overall explosion.

It was completely no problem to crush the opponent.

Of course, although it was big, its self-destruction power was definitely inferior to a small ginseng baby.

Although the Earth Demon looked violent, Baby Ginseng’s moves were relatively gentle. It only used the hypnotic sweet aura to finish its opponent.

However, no matter how Baby Ginseng defeated its opponent, this scene was still so unbelievable in the eyes of the audience.

“As… as everyone can see.”

“Contestant Shi Zhuo’s Earth Escape strategy… I originally thought that it would pose a certain threat to contestant Shi Yu, but, inconceivably, the concealment of the Iron Cliff Snake is impossible to hide from contestant Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng!! The most shocking thing is that contestant Shi Yu’s Baby Ginseng’s battle power is actually not inferior to contestant Shi Yu’s other pets’ performance. It’s simply unbelievable.”

Han Lu and Gu Yu, the two commentators, watched everything eagerly.

The others also looked at the Earth Demon Beast created by Baby Ginseng eagerly.

F*ck, no wonder Shi Yu dared to send other pets. This ginseng baby wasn’t necessarily weaker than those pets. They were almost deceived by its appearance again!!

At Imperial Capital University, the old principal of Imperial Capital University was extremely silent.

Although on the stage of the National League, they were competitors with the teachers and students of Ancient Capital University…

However, from the perspective of a Beast Tamer, the old principal of the Imperial Capital University felt that Shi Yu’s ginseng baby was the most terrifying.

That short confrontation just now… She knew that this ginseng baby didn’t even use half its strength. Those even more abnormal skills like Moon Explosion, Time Mark, and even the Time Fruit were useless.

“With something like the Time Fruit, even if there are side effects, Shi Yu definitely has the ability to temporarily fight against overlords.”

“Although there’s nothing wrong with Gao Xuan now, but…” The old principal of the Imperial Capital University sighed. She didn’t know what the outcome would be. Shi Yu’s current basic strength had really exceeded her imagination.

Although she knew that Gao Xuan was fully prepared, she still couldn’t help but worry.

In the scene.

The Earth Demon calmly threw the combination of the Iron Cliff Snake and Shi Zhuo into the sky.

It meant that it was up to the Eye of the Stars to take care of this.

The Eye of the Stars was also very straightforward. It directly enveloped the little kid with light and sent him away.

After this scene happened, the expressions of the teachers and students of Demon Capital University turned bitter, while Spirit Capital and Divine Capital University laughed.

Of course, the common thought of the audience was still confused.

[That ginseng baby… How did it break through the racial restrictions of the supplements and obtain such strong battle power?]

[The life force and energy of the supplement race is strong, but the weakness and price is physique, weak battle power, high life force, high energy, and high battle power. Isn’t this f*cking invincible?]

Shi Yu still didn’t know how big an impact Eleven, Susu, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng’s performance had already caused in the outside world.

At this moment, he was looking at the Earth Demon happily.

So be it. In any case, the Earth Demon could connect to the ground, just like those plants. It relied on absorbing the power of the earth to maintain its life force and wouldn’t continue to waste Baby Ginseng’s physical strength.

Of course, the premise was that they were not in an intense battle. If it was a high-intensity battle and the energy supply was insufficient, the Earth Demon would quickly collapse.

“Yi.”

After sending away the elites of Demon Capital University, Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu whispered to each other. Both parties communicated telepathically.

“Yi!!”

Baby Ginseng rubbed its hands and asked if Shi Yu could teach it an Earth Escape skill someday.

It had an earth-element racial skill. Although its body wasn’t earth-element, it should be able to learn Earth Escape.

At that time, so be it. If they had the ability, Eleven, Buggy, and the others could also try to burrow into the ground!

If nobody would lose, it wouldn’t be afraid!

“Sure.” Shi Yu smiled and sat back on the rock. Wasn’t this easy?

Earth Escape was not a rare skill. He could go get an Earth Mouse in the countryside. It was fine to replicate one for Baby Ginseng.

Although it couldn’t increase Baby Ginseng’s battle power much, its life-saving ability could indeed increase greatly.

In the future, when he went fishing for prey, he could also have more escape methods.

“Yiya!!!” Baby Ginseng was excited. Alright, alright.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

But this way, if there was another team meeting next time, the venue would probably be restricted.

Otherwise, when the time came, whether it was hiding, flying, escaping, or diving, these little guys in the team might not necessarily be able to determine the outcome even after fighting for 100 years.

“After the National League ends, apart from starting to add some super skills, I can start a new round of collection of top-notch low, medium, and high-level skills.” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

In the past, it was because there were too many key skills and his physique couldn’t keep up. In addition, there was no pressure, so he wasn’t in a hurry. But next, if he wanted to go to the World Tournament, the more trump cards he had, the better.