Chapter 408 - Gao Xuan Was Beaten Away (3)

Even the huge energy wave just now disappeared in an instant. What exactly was going on?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But no matter what, when he saw Shi Yu’s pet, his greatest competitor, even if the other party’s Beast Tamer didn’t seem to be around, Gao Xuan didn’t plan to let it go.

In the scene, the distance between the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and Chi Tong was getting closer and closer.

[Captain Gao, invincible!]

[Captain Gao, charge, charge!!]

At this moment, the cries of the audience became louder and louder.

With a bang, Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast descended a hundred meters away from Chi Tong. The two parties faced each other in the air.

“Where’s your Beast Tamer?” Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast carried a telepathy device.

At this moment, time seemed to have stopped.

[Don’t tell me that Big Boss Shi Yu’s sword spirit can still kill indiscriminately, even if the opponent is Captain Gao.]

[Stop kidding. The situation this time will definitely be different, alright?]

[However, I’m certain that Big Boss Shi Yu’s mysterious sword spirit can definitely deal with Captain Gao. If we want a real battle, we might have to wait for the king to fight the king.]

The audience held their breaths.

“Finally, finally… Gao Xuan and Shi Yu’s pets have finally met. What kind of intense battle will there be next!!” The commentator, Gu Yu, shouted excitedly.

Amidst the shouting, the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University and Ancient Capital University, the three big shots on the platform, revealed extremely serious expressions.

“Mi! (I’m enough.)” Chi Tong.

“You alone?” Gao Xuan smiled.

Wasn’t Shi Yu’s pet a little too arrogant?

Gao Xuan stopped talking and directly entered the fusion mode with the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. His energy level increased to nearly eight million.

As for the stronger super frequency driving mode that was installed with his new equipment, due to the huge side effects, Gao Xuan didn’t choose to use it directly. After all, there were still many contestants on the island, and Shi Yu and his other pets had yet to show their faces.

Using the super frequency mode with powerful side effects so early, wasn’t it just waiting to be picked up by others?

In Gao Xuan’s opinion, this current state was enough to crush this sword spirit.

Boom!

After entering the fusion state, the aura of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast increased exponentially. At the same time, honorable golden patterns appeared on its silver-white body. This was the mechanical change after the two parties fused.

Seeing this scene, countless spectators were extremely excited. They didn’t expect Captain Gao to use his strongest state right from the start.

“It appeared. It’s the combination loading state of Gao Xuan and his Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast!!!”

“According to the intelligence of the National League last year, the fusion state of Gao Xuan and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast could reach a terrifying seven million energy points a year ago!!”

“This powerful strength almost suppressed the contestants of the competition back then. Now that a year has passed, I believe contestant Gao Xuan has become even stronger!”

“Everyone, look, this is…”

In the scene, the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast Gao Xuan was riding raised its arm slowly. A super light sword slowly appeared in its palm. Seeing this scene, the eyes of the audience lit up.

“It’s a super skill specially developed by contestant Gao Xuan himself, the Holy Dragon Light Sword!!!”

“In terms of power, it’s said that it’s no longer inferior to expert level super skills!”

“With this move, contestant Gao Xuan even has the battle record of riding an Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast to injure an overlord. The power of the move is incomparable and very terrifying!!”

Holy Dragon Light Sword!

“Mi! (Is that all?)”

But at the same time, just as Gao Xuan was looking forward to Shi Yu jumping out to save this sword spirit, the little sword spirit’s voice in the distance made Gao Xuan’s veins pop out. Damn.

What did it mean by that?

Gao Xuan immediately wanted to slash at this “bad girl” in anger.

But…

Suddenly, the warning system of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast let out a crazy cry!!!

[Danger, danger, danger!!]

Three consecutive danger notifications stunned Gao Xuan. His attention was instantly raised to the extreme.

However, at this moment, everything seemed to have stopped. A cold wind that could freeze time instantly swept through the sky and ground.

A faint layer of frost instantly filled the entire Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, even the Holy Dragon Light Sword. Moreover, this ice power even perfectly stopped the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s reaction speed for an instant.

“This is… a time skill?”

On the platform, Legend Xiao, who maintained a mental connection with the Eye of the Stars, was suddenly shocked.

“Roar!!!”

Then, with a terrifying dragon roar, everyone looked at the scene that seemed to have been frozen by the power of ice with their mouths agape.

What was going on?

Shouldn’t that fire sword spirit be both undead and fire?

Now, this was… Why would an ice-element skill appear???

The sky suddenly darkened, and blue ice clouds condensed.

In an instant, hail and snow began to fall. The thin snow mixed with strong winds formed a snowstorm!

As the snow lingered, many spectators widened their eyes almost at the same time and revealed incredulous expressions.

Because at this moment, under the lingering snow and wind, a huge monster was forming, an ice dragon!!

The strong body of the frost dragon in front of him was made of ice and stone. Its color was ice-blue and deep, representing extreme cold.

Not only its body, its neck, head, long tail, sharp claws, and fangs, its four strong feet, as well as its pair of wings, were all strong and powerful. Its scales even revealed the Extreme Cold Domain. Snow lingered, making it look incomparably domineering.

Its few ice-blue whiskers fluttered in the wind, looking very impressive. However, what shocked everyone at this moment was not completely because an ice dragon appeared beside the fire sword spirit, but because another figure appeared on the ice dragon!!