Chapter 402 - Baby Ginseng Crushing The Land (2)

“It’s Shi Zhuo from Demon Capital University and his Iron Cliff Snake!!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Seeing this person, the teachers and students of the other universities were immediately stunned.

In the past two years, the level of the Beast Tamers of Demon Capital University was actually above Imperial Capital University. Unfortunately, Imperial Capital University had a cheat like Gao Xuan, so even if the students of other levels were stronger than Imperial Capital University, they couldn’t win the championship in the previous National League.

This year, the quality of the students of Demon Capital University was still not bad. This Shi Zhuo was one of the leading figures among the master contestants of Demon Capital University.

Of course, compared to Gao Xuan of Imperial Capital University, there was definitely a certain difference. After all, his ranking in the Sequence Battle was the same as the master contestants of other universities. They were all hundreds of places away and had suffered a loss because of their young age.

“It’s getting closer and closer. Iron Cliff Snake, Earth Escape.”

“Roar!!”

In the scene, following Shi Zhuo’s command, Shi Zhuo’s body was suddenly wrapped in crystals. Then, his entire body flowed into the body of the Iron Cliff Snake like liquid metal. Then, the incomparably huge Iron Cliff Snake suddenly stabbed into the ground!!

Boom.

In the blink of an eye, with a huge hole, the Iron Cliff Snake and Shi Zhuo disappeared from everyone’s vision. They entered the ground through the Earth Escape skill, planning to go to the scene in this way to see what was going on.

The transcendent Earth Escape skill was the reason why Shi Zhuo felt that Gao Xuan couldn’t keep him here. As long as he escaped quickly enough, unless the other party blew up the entire island, he might not be able to catch them with the obstruction of the ground!

Underground, the movement speed of the Iron Cliff Snake was comparable to that of a wind-element pet flying in the sky. Water-element pets swimming in the water were considered racial bonuses!

< Name > Iron Cliff Snake

[Attributes]: Metal, Earth

[Race Level]: High-level monarch (Quasi overlord)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

< Introduction > It’s a special elemental life form that lives deep underground. It’s the king of the earth. Its body, trained from underground pressure and high heat, is harder than any metal. Moreover, it’s extremely strong. With a flip, it can cause a strong earthquake and easily destroy a town.

“Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!! So contestant Shi Zhuo chose to let the Iron Cliff Snake use the Earth Escape skill to secretly approach the source of the commotion.”

“Although we can’t see contestant Shi Zhuo’s location now, through the symbol of the Eye of the Star, everyone can determine the position of contestants through the ‘yellow dot’ on the big map.”

“Eh, wait a minute. At this moment, contestant Shi Zhuo’s position… Heavens, the four pets sent by contestant Shi Yu don’t seem to have discovered the Iron Cliff Snake deep underground. At this moment, they’re already closer to contestant Shi Yu’s location than the four pets sent by contestant Shi Yu!!”

“Something interesting is about to happen. Although contestant Shi Yu eliminated two contestants previously, these two have never seen Shi Yu in person. This time, contestant Shi Zhuo is going to be the first contestant to really come into contact with and encounter Shi Yu!!”

As this scene played, the East Sea Arena immediately erupted!

The first thought in countless people’s minds was that Shi Yu had gone too far!! He had failed!

Even if Shi Yu’s four pets’ reconnaissance abilities were pretty good, how could they be good at everything?

Look, didn’t this directly let Shi Zhuo and Iron Cliff Snake break through the four main forces and were about to snipe the Beast Tamer himself?

“A good opportunity!!!” The teachers and students of Demon Capital University were even more proud than the students of Spirit Capital and Divine Capital University.

After all, from the strength of the school to the strength of the contestants, they were not at the same level.

Although in a fair battle, Shi Yu’s strength was definitely better, this was not a fair battle, but a field battle.

If it was a sneak attack from underground… With the current combination of Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng, perhaps Shi Zhuo could really eliminate this monster that had caused a huge commotion just now!!

If that was the case, Demon Capital University would be hot stuff. Even if no one could win the national championship in the end, the might of Demon Capital University would be completely displayed.

“Not good!”

Unlike Demon Capital University, the teachers and students of Ancient Capital University began to feel a little nervous.

“Don’t, don’t panic. That ginseng baby isn’t simple either…”

However, there were also teachers and students who had seen Baby Ginseng fight in Ancient Capital University, but even so, they were still a little worried.

After all, that ginseng baby’s battle style seemed to be “Light Clearing Cannon” and “Explosive Fruit”?

From these two battle styles, if this ginseng baby was also at the monarch level, coupled with that strange sweet aura, it might indeed be able to fight the opponent in a head-on battle. However, the opponent was now ambushing!!

It directly passed through the defense line of Shi Yu’s other pets and came over without anyone noticing. This was not a head-on battle!

Therefore, it made sense for the teachers and students of Ancient Capital University to be a little nervous.

[It’s over, it’s over. Big Boss Shi Yu is going to fail.]

[It’s good to fail. It’s ridiculous to send all his battle power out just to leave a supplement beside him. I’ve long expected this scene.]

As the “yellow dot” on the map approached Shi Yu, many spectators held their breaths.

Holy shit, what would happen next?

Everyone looked at Shi Yu, who was still sitting on the huge rock, recuperating, and Baby Ginseng, who was releasing a sweet aura. They felt nervous and their hearts raced.

“I know this Shi Zhuo. His Iron Cliff Snake is indeed extraordinary, especially in terms of Earth Escape. With some other skills, it can complete some special tactics without anyone noticing. Moreover, although it’s underground, they should know the situation on the ground like the back of their hand.”