Chapter 411 - Shi Yu Ascends To The National League (1)

Moreover, the shield was immediately connected to the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast by the dark red electric current shot out of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s arm.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After that, the shield and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast seemed to be one. Under the lingering dark red electric current, it erupted with super defense and perfectly blocked Chi Tong’s full-strength attack just now.

Although the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast still suffered a huge impact, due to the appearance of the shield, its body didn’t suffer much damage.

[This is…]

The audience was shocked when they saw the slow down replay.

“This is a high-level monarch-level mechanical life form, the Holy Dragon Shield. It’s a new mechanical pet created by Gao Xuan to further strengthen the defense system of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.”

“Although they belong to different individuals, Gao Xuan temporarily made the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and the Holy Dragon Shield become one and erupted with a stronger defense power, successfully blocking this attack.” Legend Xiao Shuang sat on the platform and said calmly.

As soon as he finished speaking, the audience was stunned and looked at the scene.

Damn, Captain Gao finally contracted a new mechanical pet?

However, as expected, it continued to strengthen around the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.

“Wait, in other words, Captain Gao was suppressed while he had more numbers just now??” Suddenly, the audience discovered the blind spot and looked at the sword spirit figure even more incredulously.

Xiao Shuang’s expression was deep… More than that…

In that instant just now, Gao Xuan had summoned at least three new mechanical pets and entered a fusion state with the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast to block the sword.

An energy-type machine, an energy conversion and connection-type machine, and a Holy Dragon Shield. If not for this, the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast wouldn’t have been able to so easily display the defense of the Holy Dragon Shield to resist the overlord’s attack. This was all thanks to the energy converter connecting them.

If she wasn’t wrong, Gao Xuan should have developed an attack-type machine that could be combined with the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, but it was still useless.

However, Xiao Shuang could also tell that this state was a high load mode for Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. Therefore, was this the reason why Gao Xuan chose to retreat strategically?

He couldn’t even easily crush Shi Yu’s single pet. Even if he erupted with all his strength to fight that sword spirit, his condition would definitely be ridiculously poor afterward. With Shi Yu missing, Gao Xuan was clearly unwilling to throw his greatest trump card on a little sword spirit.

“After contestant Gao Xuan chose to retreat strategically… contestant Shi Yu’s sword spirit chose to continue chasing!”

In the sky, Gao Xuan drove the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast away. Behind him, Chi Tong naturally couldn’t let go of the reward.

Solo kill!

Chi Tong’s eyes lit up. It immediately dispersed the illusion and turned into a sword light to chase after them. Apart from wanting to kill them alone, it was more important to help Shi Yu and the others navigate. They couldn’t let Gao Xuan and the others successfully escape and slip out of sight.

Soon, a scene appeared in the sky. A huge mecha with smoke coming out of it was running quickly in front, and behind it was a shocking sword light chasing after it!!

Unfortunately, due to the Interlocking Sword that used Myriad Sword Convergence just now, Chi Tong’s burden was not small, and its speed was much slower. But soon, its shocking endurance also appeared.

In Shi Yu’s team, under specific “sunlight intensity” circumstances, the one who was the most ferocious in movement in the team was actually Chi Tong.

Its expert level Spirit Release had the Flame of Regeneration that “recovered physical fitness and life”. Its effect was close to an expert level super recovery skill.

Therefore, the skill Spirit Release could be seen as a new ability that could help Chi Tong unlock a super skill at every proficiency stage.

And the proficiency of this new ability was close to the proficiency of the Spirit Release.

Therefore, Chi Tong could basically be seen as having a super skill with physical strength and vitality restoration, close to expert level. At this moment, the sun was shining brightly. During the pursuit of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, be it the physical strength consumed just now, or the burden of using the Myriad Sword Convergence and the Interlocking Sword, they were all recovering at a high speed.

Of course, it wasn’t that the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast didn’t have any endurance. In the nutritional cabin of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, Gao Xuan was lying down panting. Inside was also a pile of facilities of various sizes operating crazily, replenishing energy by absorbing solar and wind energy.

“Damn it, why is this guy so fast…”

In the body of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, Gao Xuan’s expression darkened when he sensed the sword spirit chasing after him.

This was too much!

Gao Xuan had never been so cowardly.

Until now, he still had a surreal feeling and was extremely confused.

“Chase after us if you have the ability.” In the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s body, Gao Xuan cursed when he saw the other party chasing after him.

He was very annoyed now.

It was very annoying.

Seeing that Chi Tong was chasing after him like a plaster, Gao Xuan immediately thought of a strategy.

In short, he definitely couldn’t fight this guy head-on.

If they wanted to fight head-on, they would have to find Shi Yu first. They would leave the ultimate move to Shi Yu and try their best to eliminate Shi Yu in one go.

Therefore, Gao Xuan’s strategy immediately changed from strategic retreat to searching for Shi Yu as he ran.

What he was most worried about was being caught up by Shi Yu after he had used his eruption, but as long as he used the eruption to eliminate Shi Yu, there would be no problem. As for the other contestants, although they were also a threat, they weren’t that big.

Swoosh…

Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and the sword spirit flew one behind the other. The terrifying speed made the ferocious beasts below watch speechlessly.