Chapter 410 - Shi Yu Ascends To The National League

Gao Xuan was chased away!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The audience looked at the fleeing Gao Xuan and opened their mouths wide.

The teachers and students of Imperial Capital University, such as Yin Zhengfan, almost fainted.

After Shi Yu displayed a portion of his strength, everyone imagined many situations.

The imagery of Shi Yu and Gao Xuan that went all out and were evenly matched. One of them would win with a slight advantage.

Or, when Shi Yu and Gao Xuan collided with all their might, one side displayed astonishing strength and displayed a huge advantage the whole time!

However, no one had imagined this situation!

Gao Xuan had only encountered Shi Yu’s “one” pet, but he was directly shattered and chased away in a single move?

Holy shit!!!

This result directly made all the spectators who had watched the National League last year and felt Gao Xuan’s dominance lose their minds.

Although in theory, that was a combination skill of the Sword Spirit and the Butterfly of Imagination, the problem was that from the beginning to the end, the Butterfly of Imagination didn’t show its face!

The sword aura that swept through the sky and ground was still emitted by the sword spirit as the main body. Even without the cooperation of other illusions, everyone felt that this sword spirit was definitely not weak.

At least, there was no problem with fighting the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.

Moreover, in theory, the combination of Gao Xuan and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast was also a combination skill!

It was so direct that it was unreasonable.

[It can’t be helped… That sword spirit is too terrifying.]

Principal Feng’s words from Ancient Capital University were still ringing in their ears.

High-level overlord race, Titled Legend, the number one general under Emperor Shi, Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit!

How could it be weak?

From the sound of it, this was probably not the most impressive pet in Shi Yu’s team.

Until here, suddenly, all the audience shuddered.

Shi Yu… had actually contracted five monarch-level pets!!!

The growth levels of the five contracted pets were actually all at the monarch level.

Among the other contestants, those who could contract two monarch-level pets were not bad.

Most contestants only had one.

Moreover, Shi Yu’s Nine Li Battle Beast, the Butterfly of Imagination, and the Sword Spirit were actually all overlord races!

No, those two ginseng babies and water slime that instantly killed high-level monarch-level opponents definitely weren’t as simple as low-level races!!

It had definitely been strengthened by Shi Yu to be comparable to an overlord race!

At the thought of this, as a master-level Beast Tamer, Shi Yu contracted five monarch-level pets of overlord races. Countless spectators had blank expressions. The Beast Tamer shed tears of envy and jealousy.

Every top-grade pet was the lifelong pursuit of a Beast Tamer, and Shi Yu alone took five?!

“The ranking of the Sequence Battle will be updated after today…”

On the platform, President Xia looked at this rising star in shock.

Although he knew that Shi Yu was very strong, he didn’t expect him to be so strong.

Five pets, no matter which one it was… their battle results were so terrifying.

Even if two of them combined, not to mention it being a combination skill that had crossed a long distance, they could still crush Gao Xuan in his fused state?

He looked at the equally shocked President Zhong Yan. This was because apart from being the director of the eighth bureau, the Education Bureau, this old man was also one of the people in charge of the committee responsible for ranking the contestants in this Sequence battle.

“Monster… Five overlord races. If only he were born ten years earlier… No, as long as he was born five years earlier, he could definitely become a super contestant who perfectly represented our Dong Huang in the world competition, like Ye Xing.” Director Zhong Yan couldn’t help but feel that it was a pity.

The world competition required one to be under 30 years old, while Shi Yu was only 19 years old.

If Shi Yu was given another ten years, wouldn’t Dong Huang be even more stable in this world competition? Even if Shi Yu didn’t have a battle talent.

What a pity. Though, based on Shi Yu’s current battle results, it was definitely not a problem for his strength to rank in the top 20 of the Sequence battle.

As for how high it was, whether it could approach the top ten depended on the subsequent battle between Shi Yu and Gao Xuan.

After all, Gao Xuan didn’t seem to have completely lost his ability to fight. It was just a strategic retreat.

As for Shi Yu’s sword spirit, it was probably not easy for it to unleash an attack that was comparable to an overlord.

“Heh…” At this moment, the genius Mechanic from the fourth bureau, Legend Xiao Shuang, looked at the situation on the screen and smiled faintly.

Although she also thought very highly of Gao Xuan at the start, why did she feel that Elder Liu’s plan was going to fail this time?

If those mechanical materials were really taken away by Shi Yu, Elder Liu and Gao Xuan would faint from crying in the toilet.

However, because of the high recognition her father and sister had for Shi Yu, Xiao Shuang didn’t reject Shi Yu from snatching the resources prepared for Gao Xuan in the fourth bureau. After all, everything was a competition within the rules. Moreover, Shi Yu probably didn’t need these resources. At that time, it would most likely still flow into the market.

After that, Gao Xuan would save up money to buy it himself. In any case, it wasn’t slow for a Mechanic with awakened talent to earn money.

“Everyone, look.”

In the broadcast room, the commentator, Gu Yu, looked at the figure of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast in the scene and continued to explain.

“Contestant Gao Xuan, under the attack just now, although his super skill was obliterated and he was smashed hundreds of meters away, he surprisingly didn’t seem to have suffered much damage. Moreover… he chose to retreat strategically!”

The scene began to slow down and replay. Everyone immediately saw clearly that just as the “Interlocking Sword” was about to hit the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s body, a white “Holy Dragon Shield” with the symbol of a holy dragon appeared in front of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast with the blue summoning array.