Chapter 416 - Shi Yu Ascends To The National League (6)

Boom!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Right on the heels of that, the Thunder Flame Sword pressure was still pushing forward, directly splitting the island land into two. The huge Thunder Flame Storm instantly swallowed everything around it!

At this moment, almost half the contestants and creatures on the island looked at the terrifying Thunder Flame Cloud rising in the sky in shock!

“What happened?”

All over the island, the contestants revealed shocked expressions.

Outside the island, the audience looked at the short black screen of the live broadcast and also revealed incomparably shocked expressions.

Holy shit.

What happened!

Countless spectators and the two big shots on the platform looked at Legend Xiao Shuang.

At this moment, Legend Xiao Shuang’s expression was filled with disbelief.

“Is that kid… a monster?”

“Gao Xuan has already done this, and he’s still… unable to fight back?”

A moment later!!

Everything disappeared. The figures of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and Gao Xuan had completely disappeared. What entered his eyes was a complete mess. It was divided into two halves, the ruins of the island burning with flames and spreading lightning.

The outcome was self-evident.

Although they didn’t know what had happened, the audience was shocked to the extreme.

Countless spectators opened their mouths wide and looked at the scene in front of them in shock. They were speechless.

Damn, damn.

Everyone looked at Shi Yu, who had red hair and red eyes like a god. They looked at the spiritual sword in his hand, the Black Star Annihilation Cannon and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast that had been crushed into nothingness… They were shocked to the extreme.

This was… Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit possessing Shi Yu?

But the power of this sword move…

Didn’t the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast just now have the complete overlord power???

This, this, this…

Where was the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, Gao Xuan? Could it be that… Shi Yu…

Was this guy a monster!!!

Seeing that Shi Yu, who was still calmly burning everything with a single attack in the face of Gao Xuan, everyone was stunned to the extreme. Didn’t this guy have any limits?

“Gao Xuan is fine. I’ve already teleported him away from the island. He’s eliminated.”

At the same time, on the platform, Xiao Shuang took a deep breath and spoke.

At this moment, the big shots of the fourth bureau, especially Old Liu, suddenly felt dizzy.

Everyone looked at the scene again.

After dealing with Gao Xuan, Shi Yu immediately exited the possession state. Then, he heaved a sigh of relief. His mind and body were a little tired.

Fortunately, at this moment, Baby Ginseng had already created a few exclusive nutritional fruits at the back and handed them to Shi Yu and the others.

“Crack!”

In the scene, Shi Yu bit into the apple-like nutritional fruit. The other pets also ate happily. During the process of eating the fruit, Shi Yu sighed. He needed to get his mechanical pet quickly. Possession of his own joint attack was still tiring, but if he could create a huge mecha that could perfectly integrate Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and his strength, with less side effects, that would be perfect.

“Gao Xuan, eliminated. Let’s count it as everyone’s score.”

Shi Yu said.

“Wuu!” “Wu!” “Mi!” “Yi!” “Ning!!”

The five pets cheered.

“Alright, the most ‘difficult’ guy has been dealt with. Next, we can quickly clean up the other contestants on the island without any worries.” Shi Yu finished eating the nutritional fruit and said to the pets who had also finished eating the nutritional fruit.

In the next moment, a scene that everyone in the audience and the contestants of this National League regarded as a terrifying nightmare appeared in the scene.

The Nine Li Battle Beast, the Butterfly of Imagination, Baby Ginseng, the Sword Spirit, and the Water Slime each separated into five clones. Then, this pile of clones erupted with terrifying power and flew into the sky, flying to various parts of the island. This scene made the spectators outside shocked until their jaws couldn’t close again. They suddenly thought of a terrifying fact.

If Gao Xuan was easily defeated by this monster, would the other contestants still be his match?

Definitely not.

In fact, in this monster’s eyes, the other contestants seemed to be beatable with just the clones of his pets?

Looking at Shi Yu’s pets flying out excitedly like hunting food, the two commentators directly said,

“This, this, this… contestant Shi Yu, is he preparing to defeat all the contestants in the preliminaries and become the final winner?!”

The shout of the commentator echoed in everyone’s ears. Countless people were stunned, but they felt that this didn’t seem to be difficult for this monster.

In less than an hour, he had already easily eliminated the previous champion, three contestants, and more than 100,000 ferocious beasts. It was as if there was no limit.

At this moment, the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University had long “suffered a heat stroke”. Seeing their invincible legend easily lose, they spat out a mouthful of blood.

Of course, the current scene fell into the hands of Shi Yu’s huge supporters. They were satisfied all the way, especially those spectators who had been paying attention to Shi Yu since the vocation assessment. Those who had watched the Iron-eating Beast Knight grow up were completely excited.

“It’s stable!” The gem cat said happily as it looked at Shi Yu’s figure in the scene.

“It’s stable!” Principal Feng’s face was also red.

“Is Shi Yu and the others going to reach the top of the National League?” The panda senior was still in a daze and had yet to react.

…

At the same time.

The screams of contestants and ferocious beasts kept coming from all over Glass Island, making the audience tremble in fear.

Of course, there were also those who weren’t that miserable, those who were quite tactful.

In a certain forest, White Brook looked at the group of Shi Yu’s pet clones walking over arrogantly and subconsciously raised her hand.

This National League had become a butcher’s field.

As Shi Yu kept cleaning up the remaining contestants, more and more Beast Tamers who didn’t pay attention to the National League also looked at the National League.

This was because a monster had appeared in the National League this time. Not only did he easily eliminate the genius Mechanic Gao Xuan from the last champion, the fourth bureau, but he also eliminated the other contestants one after another, planning to end the National League in the preliminaries!

…