Chapter 413 - Shi Yu Ascends To The National League (3)

[Captain Gao…]

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The extreme reversal made the audience open their mouths wide and speechless.

Holy shit, Captain Gao was sent flying by another pet??

At this moment, countless spectators once again recognized the shocking strength of the Nine Li Battle Beast.

Damn, how were the other contestants supposed to play!

Shi Yu, this monster…

Every pet was so abnormal!

However…

This didn’t seem to be the end. After being sent flying this time, the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast still didn’t look heavily injured.

However, although the machinery was good, Gao Xuan’s mentality had already collapsed.

“What the hell!”

He shouted and commanded the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast to accelerate in another direction. His gaze was shocked to the extreme. No, no, no. If this continued, the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast would really be crippled!

[Captain Gao, that direction is…]

Everyone looked at Gao Xuan’s escape path again and was suddenly shocked.

In the seat of Spirit Capital University, Li Qiu, who had returned, gulped and looked eagerly at the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast flying in the direction of the Water Slime…

On Glass Island.

Eleven and Chi Tong were stunned when they saw that the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast was still fine and hadn’t lost its ability to fight. Then, their gazes focused as they chased after the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and Gao Xuan again.

But soon, the two of them were as stunned as the audience.

Because before the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast could run far, it was directly locked onto by a Water Slime with a face full of surprise, as if it had won the lottery.

“Wuu!” “Mi!”

Stop, Susu—let go of that Holy Dragon Beast and let them do it!

“Holy shit, what’s this!!!”

Unlike other contestants, Gao Xuan’s detection ability was very strong. He once again discovered a floating Water Slime in the distance, blocking his path.

This wasn’t the most important thing. The most important thing was that the energy value of this Water Slime had reached an unimaginable four million, and it was still rising!!

5 million… 6 million… 7 million… 8 million…

In the distance, Susu looked at the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast flying towards it happily. However, it also knew that it definitely couldn’t defeat the other party, so it directly activated the time power stored in the infinite devouring space.

It wasn’t too greedy to transform it into the power of an overlord in one go. It was worried that it would fall after the attack. It only raised its energy level to a barely bearable ten million before stopping. Then, it aimed its gaze fiercely at Gao Xuan and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.

“Ning ~!!!”

Water mist erupted from the little slime’s body. It opened its mouth wide, and under the shocked expression of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, strong water instantly condensed and compressed in its mouth.

“Holy shit, 10 million.” At the same time, Gao Xuan was stunned when he sensed the energy change that erupted from the slime.

Damn, where did this monster water slime come from???

Wait a minute, Zheng Fan seemed to have said that the fifth pet Shi Yu contracted was the Water Slime?

At the same time.

The Slime roared!

Water Elemental Control, Water Dragon Ice Bullet!

“Roar!!!” As the water compressed in Susu’s mouth, a water dragon that seemed to have been condensed from all the water in a bottomless sea suddenly formed. The water dragon bared its fangs and brandished its claws, wrapped in an ice-blue halo. With a roar, it smashed towards the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast!!

There was a bang!

Accompanied by a huge impact, the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast was directly pushed away. It was instantly sent flying hundreds of meters away. Then, with a boom, its entire body hit a mountain.

Click.

The mountain shattered, and the entire mountain was frozen into an “Ice Dragon Snow Mountain” by the combination skill of the Water Dragon Ball and Frozen Water. The Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, which was sent flying into the mountain wall, felt its frozen body and was extremely annoyed…

Inside, Gao Xuan gritted his teeth.

What happened just now? Who was it? Where was it? What was it?

At the same time.

In the outside world.

The audience watched as Gao Xuan and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast were sent flying by Shi Yu’s pets like they were being kicked by a rubber ball. Their mouths opened wide again.

Captain Gao…!

What sin had he committed that deserved such suffering?

The consecutive setbacks increased the burden on the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, causing it to be unable to immediately recover its mobility.

It felt so aggrieved!

In the sunken Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, Gao Xuan and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast were extremely aggrieved.

However, to Gao Xuan’s joy, after experiencing a bunch of difficult setbacks, he finally captured Shi Yu’s presence!

In the distance.

Shi Yu, who was carrying the ginseng baby, teleported over under the Instant Transmission of the Butterfly of Imagination.

Buggy cried.

Why could the other teammates directly stop Gao Xuan? Only it had to return to fetch Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng.

Bah, it was all Baby Ginseng’s fault for not flying fast.

Although Shi Yu was a few steps slower, he still arrived quickly.

He didn’t know where on Glass Island he was.

Shi Yu’s figure flashed and he finally arrived at the battlefield.

After discovering Shi Yu’s arrival, Eleven, Chi Tong, Susu, and the others gathered beside Shi Yu.

They wanted to ask Shi Yu whose credit it was.

Everyone was evil.

After arriving, Shi Yu looked at the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast embedded in the ice mountain with a strange expression and fell into deep thought.

Gao Xuan didn’t seem to be as powerful as he imagined?

Or could it be that his pets had unknowingly become too strong…

Crack!!

At the same time, after Shi Yu arrived, Gao Xuan and the others shattered the ice mountain and came out. Be it the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast or Gao Xuan, they looked at Shi Yu surrounded by pets and were furious.