Chapter 414 - Shi Yu Ascends To The National League (4)

“Damn Shi Yu, I’ll fight it out with you.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After finally seeing Shi Yu and seeing that all of Shi Yu’s pets were gathered here, Gao Xuan finally heaved a sigh of relief.

He admitted that he had completely underestimated Shi Yu.

This guy was simply a monster.

The moment he learned this guy’s identity, he should have paid full attention and been wary of him.

If he had been more prepared, he wouldn’t have been suppressed so badly.

However, it wasn’t too late now. He could finally let go of all his worries and unleash his full strength.

[It’s over, it’s over. Demon King Shi Yu’s entire team is here. Captain Gao is dead!]

[Captain Gao, my Captain Gao!!]

[It’s over. It’s already difficult to fight one of the pets alone. Now that all the other party’s members are here, Captain Gao has no hope.]

At some point, countless contestants who supported Gao Xuan, even the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University, had a psychological shadow over Shi Yu after seeing his battle results one after another.

This archeologist with the gift of telepathy was a super monster. His entire body was ridiculous to the extreme.

Before this, no one expected that the new star in the mechanical field, who had the same awakening talent as the legend of the divine source, would actually be suppressed so badly by an archeologist with a telepathy talent the whole time.

“First, it was General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit, then the Nine Li Battle Beast that evolved again. Then, it was that ridiculous Water Slime…”

“When contestant Gao Xuan rode the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast over, he encountered contestant Shi Yu’s three pets in succession. However, in the end, without exception, they were all crushed and forced back!”

“Although the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast resisted one move after another with its powerful defense, from the current situation, contestant Shi Yu’s battle power clearly has the upper hand…”

“At the moment, both parties have finally encountered each other. Captain Gao Xuan’s situation is extremely disadvantageous. He’s completely at a disadvantage and has been forced into a desperate situation. Could it be that the two strongest contestants in the National League will decide the winner between them in the preliminaries, and in less than an hour after the preliminaries begin??”

“I have to say, even if I’m watching the live broadcast, I can feel it with Captain Gao Xuan. No one expected contestant Shi Yu’s pets’ strength to be so terrifying. This demon-like pressure is simply suffocating.”

Under the two commentators’ explanations, countless spectators held their breaths.

In the beginning, they thought that Gao Xuan had a higher chance of winning, but now, Gao Xuan was forced into a corner. The change was simply too fast.

In the scene.

The Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast holding a shield looked at Shi Yu, who was surrounded by five pets.

“No!!” Just as a shocking battle was about to happen between the two parties, Gu Yu suddenly discovered some changes.

A shocking aura that had materialized suddenly erupted from the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.

The entire Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast seemed to have a body of flesh and blood. Its muscles “expanded” and countless metals spread out, causing the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s body to expand rapidly.

The space around the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast began to collapse. Energy matter that was like a black hole spread from the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s body, changing it to dark red.

The ground under its feet shattered into nothingness. The tall mountain behind it instantly turned into powder. A dark dome appeared in the sky, causing the sky to darken.

Boom!!!

The violent change not only shocked the audience outside the arena, but even Shi Yu and the others in the arena were forced back by the overlord aura erupted by the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, revealing looks of surprise.

Did he still have any trump cards?

“This energy…”

“Did he successfully awaken that metal skeleton into a mechanical weapon?”

In the outside world, Legend Xiao Shuang’s gaze froze. She immediately reminded the Eye of the Stars to concentrate all its attention here.

Forget about the other contestants for the time being. At least, he had to ensure the safety of the confrontation between these two “extraordinary” contestants.

“This, this, this is…”

As the giant of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast changed, it was the two commentators’ turn to be stunned again.

At this moment, apart from the members of the fourth bureau, almost everyone was extremely confused by Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s new form.

“Gao Xuan did it in the full-power overclocking mode.” The big shots in the fourth bureau were silent.

They naturally knew how many special mechanical materials Gao Xuan had taken from the bureau to strengthen himself.

However, they didn’t expect Gao Xuan to really do it. Moreover, he was really forced to use his full strength.

However, in this state, the burden on oneself and the damage to the opponent would be immeasurable.

He wondered if Xiao Shuang could control the situation at the scene.

“Contestant Gao Xuan… has entered an unprecedented state!!!”

As the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast turned from a gold and silver dragonman mecha to a dark red giant god soldier, such a reversal made the two commentators immediately shout.

“This state is…”

“The mechanical fusion mode of the five-in-one. Through the connection of the special energy and the special converter, the core is the entire metal skeleton of the overlord-level dragonman life form, the Tyrant Dragon King.” At this moment, Legend Xiao Shuang stood up and spoke solemnly.

“10 million… 20 million…”

“Under this full-power overclocking state, it can temporarily allow Gao Xuan and the others to obtain the full power of an overlord. The power they can display is not what a simple attack from an overlord-level ferocious beast can compare to. Of course, the burden on their bodies will also be huge.”