Chapter 415 - Shi Yu Ascends To The National League (5)

As he spoke, Xiao Shuang’s eyes filled with light. She communicated with the Eye of the Stars in the distance and protected this battle with all her might.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Her words instantly ignited the crowd.

Captain Gao still had a trump card!!!

At this moment, when the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University saw the huge change in Gao Xuan, they were almost instantly pleasantly surprised.

As for the teachers and students of Ancient Capital University, their excited expressions disappeared. Their gazes instantly froze, and their expressions became serious.

“This Gao Xuan is so difficult to deal with.” Principal Feng gritted his teeth.

“Yes, that’s it. Victory!” The old principal of Imperial Capital University clenched his fists.

Just now, when Gao Xuan fell from the altar, it directly made them think that Imperial Capital University was going to miss this national championship, but from the looks of it, everything wasn’t over!

[There’s still hope!]

[All the best, big brother in the mecha!]

[Holy shit, what trump card is this? Is he trying to kill Big Boss Shi Yu?]

An all-round overlord power!!

It was also an overlord-level attack. A low-level skill from an overlord-level life form was definitely different from a serious attack from an overlord-level life form or a full-strength attack.

And now, the power that the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast could erupt with had already reached the average strength of an overlord-level life form.

“With Sister Xiao Shuang around, you guys will be fine!!”

“But next, it’s your turn to suffer.” In the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, Gao Xuan was panting.

“Combination skill, Black Star Annihilation Cannon!!”

The entire body of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast had already been modified to be completely different from the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast just now. It was filled with a violent aura, and its arms even turned into huge cannon barrels.

Boom!!!

The terrifying dark red energy that was like a small star exploding turned into a violent energy pillar that could devour everything. It locked onto space and swept towards Shi Yu and the others unstoppably.

The entire scene was covered by a dark red energy wave, making everyone watching the live broadcast instantly feel their hearts skip a beat. This pressure…

At the same time.

Xiao Shuang and the Eye of the Stars quickly locked onto Shi Yu and the others’ situation.

The live broadcast also switched to Shi Yu.

However, to everyone’s surprise, Shi Yu still looked calm in the face of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast that had become even more terrifying.

It was as calm as when he had just arrived and faced the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and Gao Xuan.

However, what stunned everyone the most was not Shi Yu’s expression, but Shi Yu’s state!!

At this moment, Shi Yu had a small Nine Li Battle Beast standing on his left shoulder, the Butterfly of Imagination on his right shoulder, a Water Slime on his head, and a sword spirit in his right hand. He was fully armed and looked extremely serious, but he didn’t look that serious either.

As for Baby Ginseng, it hid behind and looked at these guys with a headache.

Was there a need to be so ruthless?

Shi Yu’s state stunned everyone.

This guy…

What was he doing?

“It can even seal space.”

Shi Yu was very surprised, but it didn’t matter.

An attack of this level was only akin to one of his pets that ate the full-strength Time Fruit.

It could be easily cracked.

Facing the incoming Black Star Annihilation Cannon, Shi Yu and the others did not dodge. Instead, they chose to counterattack head-on!

“Then I’ll also show you our strongest attack under normal circumstances…”

Boom!!!

In an instant, red fire threads erupted around Shi Yu and lingered around him.

At the same time, the sky and ground below him changed almost instantly.

An extremely close fiery red sun appeared in the sky.

Under his feet was a shocking sea of lightning surrounded by black clouds.

Buggy materialized almost instantly in the environment Shi Yu needed the most.

Imagination Domain!

Under the light of the flames, Shi Yu’s gaze seemed to contain flames as well. The color of his eyes gradually changed in the direction of Chi Tong’s burning eyes.

With a boom, a fierce spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun turned into flames that wrapped around Shi Yu’s entire body. At this moment, Shi Yu’s entire body seemed to have become thinner but more powerful!!

Moreover, at this moment, Shi Yu’s hair had completely turned bright red. His skin also became even fairer under the illumination of the fire spiritual energy!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s aura had completely changed. He no longer looked like a human. The emotions in his eyes had faded a lot. The moment Chi Tong possessed Shi Yu, Eleven also hardened Shi Yu’s entire body and gathered the power of lightning hardening on the spiritual sword in Shi Yu’s hand.

Metal Thunder Flame Sword!

As for Susu, it completely turned into liquid frozen water and fused into Shi Yu’s body, helping him cool down.

“Thunder Flame Sword Pressure!”

At this moment, Shi Yu raised his arm high. The fire sword condensed in his hand and slowly landed.

With a loud bang, the fire spiritual energy on Shi Yu’s body instantly fused with the lightning. At this moment, blue lightning lingered on Shi Yu’s body, and orange-red sun flames flowed. Under the interweaving of the two intertwined powers, Shi Yu’s aura increased further!

With the Interlocking Sword as the core, the sword pressure that fused the power of lightning and the power of sun instantly displayed power that exceeded the limit…

Boom!!!

In an instant, the Thunder Flame Sword Domain that bloomed in front of Shi Yu, the huge power of the Thunder Flame that surged into the sky, and the Black Star Annihilation Cannon squeezed together. The shocking collision sound lingered in the air, but in an instant, the incomparably powerful Black Star Annihilation Cannon was directly pushed back by the Thunder Flame Sword. With a boom, under the incomprehensible gazes of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and Gao Xuan, the sword pressure instantly swallowed the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and Gao Xuan without a trace under everyone’s incredulous gazes!!