Chapter 421 - Auspicious Divine Beast Kirin

Shi Yu had already made a decision.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Initially, Shi Yu’s plan was to wait until the pets mastered “Advanced Will”, which was also “Overlord Will”, before teaching them super skills.

“Teaching success rate: high” It looked safer this way.

But now, he changed his mind.

Beast Tamers were all fickle.

“Teaching success rate: Medium” might not necessarily be impossible.

Although, if the pet’s willpower and mind weren’t strong enough, forcefully accepting the super skill experience might cause its mind to lose its rationality and cause the teaching to fail.

However, Shi Yu thought about it. Contracting Susu was the perfect move.

When he added points, Baby Ginseng would heal him while Susu had the ability to cleanse the mind. Wasn’t this a pet combo that allowed adding super skills??

If he added some super skills to Eleven and the others, with Susu cleansing their hearts beside him so that they could better withstand the baptism of super skills, the theoretical success rate would not be low.

Moreover, according to Susu’s feedback, the process of adding some super skills was very tempering to the recipient’s will and heart.

Perhaps he could increase their willpower by adding some super skills to them so they could strive to reach the overlord’s will.

“Baby Ginseng, heal me.”

“Susu, cleanse the pet.”

“If it goes as smoothly as I have judged, I should be able to add free points freely soon.”

Shi Yu was still lying in the dormitory.

After calculating the rewards, he continued to check his resources.

At the moment, the resources on him, the ruin ring, archeology, Feeding index, Awakening Mirror, the ruins crystal left behind by Emperor Shi, the meteorite fragment, and the Kirin fossil.. .They were relatively precious.

Apart from these, there were also three level-seven dragon-element resources, the Ice Dragon Whiskers, the Tyrant Dragon’s Teeth fossil, and the Sea Dragon King’s scales. Although these looked pretty good previously, they were basically useless now. Shi Yu had already made preparations. When the time came, he would let Susu swallow the Ice Dragon Whiskers and the Sea Dragon King’s scales. As for the Tyrant Dragon’s Teeth, he would leave them for the phantom beast mechanical experiment.

There was also the Gemini Silver Armor gifted by the Ice Dragon. Because it was broken, although it was of legendary quality, it couldn’t be said to be precious. When it was first obtained, it was still at level six, but after using it a few times, the energy loss was very serious. It had already fallen to level five, and the more it was used, the worse it became.

Shi Yu planned to leave it to Chi Tong as a cultivation resource. Although it would accelerate the damage, Chi Tong’s Interlocking Sword skill might be able to rely on the Gemini Silver Armor to approach expert proficiency.

Apart from that, Shi Yu also discovered that there was a level-eight Water of Life, ten level-seven Water of Life, a hundred level-six Water of Life, and a bottle of level-seven Dragon Blood in the ruins. After he returned from the Rainbow Islands, the Sea Dragon King saw that his hair was white and his face was weak and asked the Turtle Prime Minister to send them over.

Shi Yu didn’t use it for the time being, but after he continued adding points to super skills, he could use it with the nourishment of the ginseng baby.

As for the level-seven dragon blood essence, although it was also an extremely precious resource, because Shi Yu didn’t need to train his physique, this didn’t seem to be of much use to him. When the time came, he could sell it for other resources.

The other daily consumption resources, such as Eleven and the others’ food and nutritional supplements, were replenished as they were consumed. Shi Yu didn’t care. In the end, he looked at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon that was still jumping around outside the fossil research institute.

“By the way.”

Shi Yu suddenly thought of something.

It seemed that after Buggy broke through to the monarch level, they had never studied the Kirin fossil together.

Although the Dream Steal skill had long been upgraded to the maximum level by Shi Yu, these max-level skills actually couldn’t be perfectly used with the commander rank strength of Buggy and the others.

Just like Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit, if Eleven and the others ate the Time Fruit it created when it was at the commander level, the side effects would be huge. If Baby Ginseng reached the totem level itself, there might not be any side effects. Just like an ordinary low-level skill, Fireball… Being used by transcendent-level pets would result in much different effects than if it were used by totem-level pets. end

Since Buggy had broken through, could it try to study the Kirin fossil again?

Although there was still no progress in using the Tyrant Dragon fossil to study mechanical phantom beasts, this didn’t stop Shi Yu and the others from being curious about the secret of the Kirin fossil.

After all, it was a fossil suspected to be a divine-level life form. If it could really enter the dream successfully, the mechanical beast would be secondary. The most important thing was to come into contact with the Mythical Era.

“Buggy.”

Shi Yu shouted and entered the ruins space.

…

At the fossil research institute.

Shi Yu sat in front of the table, and Buggy landed on the table. Both parties stared at the Kirin Horn fossil in front of them.

The white fossil was very beautiful, like white jade. However, although it was called a Kirin Horn fossil, it actually looked no different from a goat horn fossil.

This was also normal, because in myths and legends, Kirin and divine dragons were totems formed by the characteristics of different races.

Among them, it was said that the Kirin had the head of a sheep, the paws of a wolf, a body like an elk, a tail like a dragon’s tail, and some dragon scales and horns.

Of course, this was a myth and legend on Earth. On Blue Planet, Kirin was a Mythical race even more mysterious than dragons and phoenixes. The looks recorded in various wild histories were also completely different from the Kirin described in Earth’s myths. Shi Yu gave up on imagining it.

As for why this Kirin fossil was collected in the Dragon God Mystic Realm, no one knew.

“She’s so beautiful. She must have been a girl when she was alive,” Shi Yu judged.