Chapter 429 - Returning To The Ancient Capital (1)

There was also the high-level mechanical fusion skill “Load”. This skill was similar to “Possession” and “Fusion Talent”. It was a move that allowed machinery and Beast Tamers to become one.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As well as the high-level skill of both mechanical and spatial elements, “Machinery Space”.

The mechanical space was a skill similar to Buggy’s “spatial pocket”. It could also open an independent space in the body.

The reason why Legend Xiao Shuang’s Hundred Transformations Stone could transform so smoothly and directly change from a Rubik’s Cube to a mecha was because its other mechanical equipment were all stored in the mechanical space.

“Damn it.”

“Can’t Senior “Maiden” give more effort when creating equipment?”

After returning to Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu sighed.

Last night, he tried to awaken the high-level intelligence chip into a transcendent life form.

In the end, it failed.

After careful investigation, Shi Yu realized that even if it didn’t involve other mechanical materials, the high-level intelligence chip had simply awakened into a mechanical life chip. Its race level was also a commander race, a top-notch research-type mechanical core.

This was very annoying…

The Awakening Mirror couldn’t be used again.

After all, this thing could only awaken the most basic transcendent race.

In other words, even though he had obtained a high-level smart chip, he still couldn’t directly awaken with the Awakening Mirror.

Of course, if he went to the Ancient Capital Mechanical College to find other Mechanics to help, he could still awaken it.

The so-called high-level smart chip was actually… a transparent glass the size of a cell phone screen.

It was not ordinary glass, but a special substance.

Mechanics also accidentally discovered this substance in nature. It had been specially modified. After being shone on by special rays, it could give birth to intelligence and could perfectly match most mechanical materials. It was the core of mainstream mechanical life today.

Special rays that awakened smart chips could be found in the Mechanical College of Ancient Capital University.

Therefore, Legend Xiao Shuang said that the Mechanical College of Ancient Capital University had the ability to help Shi Yu use these materials to create a “high-level monarch race” mechanical life.

“Why are you frowning? There’s a huge harvest this time.”

After getting off the plane, White Brook patted Shi Yu’s shoulder.

At the side, Lin Xiuzhu smiled and said, “Resources are probably never enough. The more money there is, the more high-end the things you want… The less money you’ll feel is enough.”

Lin Xiuzhu, who had accumulated the evolution materials of the Iron-eating Beast for so long, felt it was very relatable.

Principal Feng said, “I reckon he’s worried about how to use the Hundred Transformations Stone…”

Shi Yu looked up. “Principal Feng and Senior Lin understand me better. Senior Bai can’t…”

White Brook:???

What the hell!

Right on the heels of that, the other teachers and students also came down. Shi Yu waved at Principal Feng and the others and said, “I won’t be going to the celebration banquet tonight. There are some other things.”

“Eh…”

Just as he arrived at the ancient capital, Shi Yu slipped away.

He planned to go to the Mechanical College and use the Mechanical Research Institute there to undergo the initial awakening of mechanical lives.

The restrictions of the Awakening Mirror were still too great, and its ability was still too weak. As a mechanical noob, he didn’t feel good using it at all.

Shi Yu didn’t mind if it absorbed more stamina, but it was too much to restrict its awakening level.

In the initial stage, it was better to use the modern method to awaken. After he cultivated his mechanical pet into a mechanical big boss, he could let it use the Awakening Mirror to upgrade itself.

“Wu…”

After Shi Yu left, he directly summoned Buggy and planned to let it bring him to the Mechanical College.

However, Shi Yu suddenly thought of something and frowned.

“Wait, let’s go to the resource bank first…”

Shi Yu heard that the gem cat had also gone to the National League.

However, he didn’t even see it.

Shi Yu had reason to suspect that the gem cat was hiding from him and didn’t want to give him resources!

Let’s settle this first!

Buggy was stunned and expressed its understanding.

Soon…

In the resource area, Shi Yu’s figure appeared.

At the same time, in Ancient Capital University, the sleeping gem cat shuddered and woke up from its nightmare. It immediately searched for the source.

In the next moment, it teleported in front of Shi Yu and the others who had returned to Ancient Capital University. It bared its fangs and brandished its claws, afraid that this guy would directly empty the resource bank.

“Wait, wait, wait, don’t move.”

The gem cat appeared and waved its claws.

“Eh, are you a clone or your main body today?” Shi Yu said with a chuckle.

“Main body.” The cat’s expression darkened.

“Teacher Ying, when are you going to give me the resources you promised previously…” Shi Yu said.

The gem cat looked conflicted.

It had just broken through and was in the midst of joy, so it casually agreed.

But later on, it felt a little reluctant.

These days… it had been thinking of ways to remedy it.

“How about we change our train of thought?” The gem cat looked up and grinned.

Unfortunately, it really found one.

“Huh??”

“The collector value of my lousy gems is greater than their practical value. It’s useless even if I give them to you. It’s also very troublesome to sell them, right?”

“One legendary resource!”

“I’ll keep my collection, but I’ll get you a legendary resource. How about that!” the gem cat said fiercely.

Shi Yu was stunned. “???”

Buggy was also shocked.

“Are you serious?”

The collections of the gem cat were worth less than legendary resources, right?

The lowest value of legendary resources was also ten billion.

“Isn’t this because I have feelings for these gems?” the gem cat said with tears in its eyes.

“Among them, there’s also a birthday gift from the late Electric Rat and other friends… Wu wu wu wu wu…”

Shi Yu: “…Stop, stop, stop.”

“Legendary-level resource, what’s going on?”

“Think about it.” The gem cat analyzed for Shi Yu.

“You helped Ancient Capital University get first place in the competition. Ancient Capital University will definitely give you a reward, right?”

Shi Yu nodded.

“Apart from that, you’ve made indelible contributions in archeology, feeding, and helping me break through, right?”

Shi Yu nodded again.

“You don’t have a use for anything else either.”

“Then, it’s not too much for the school to reward you with a legendary resource, right?” the gem cat said.

Shi Yu was stunned.

Buggy was also stunned. Disaster was approaching…

At this moment, Shi Yu naturally felt that it wasn’t too much. It was even better if there were two.

However, it was already stingy and slow to apply for legendary-level resources from the association. It had yet to be approved, and the size of Ancient Capital University was even poorer than the Beast Tamer Association. Could a legendary item even be taken out??

“Although Ancient Capital University is poor, it still has one or two legendary resources. It’s the school’s trump card!”

“The legendary resource I used to break through back then was bought from Ancient Capital University. Although the breakthrough failed, it’s still a genuine legendary resource.”

“It’s definitely a little difficult for you to apply alone. Even if Principal Feng agrees, he can’t make the decision alone. However, don’t you have me? I’ve broken through to the totem level now. At that time, when the approval comes, I’ll also support you. I guarantee that it’s another legendary resource!”

“When I was in Demon Capital, I’ve already made an application to Principal Feng.”

“How is it!” the gem cat said. “I guarantee that you can obtain a legendary-level resource. Then, my gems can be left alone… sob…”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

It wasn’t a loss.

In the future, there would be plenty of places to squeeze the cat dry. It was better not to push it too hard.

“Deal!”

The gem cat heaved a sigh of relief. Next, it would use the status as a new totem to help Shi Yu snatch the legendary resource. In short, it was good that the gems could be kept.

“This way… there are two…” At the same time, Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

There were a total of two legendary resources from the Dong Huang Association and Ancient Capital University!

“Then it’s decided happily. Is there anything else?” The gem cat felt pretty good again.

“Well, I’ve already promised you this kind of thing. Then, it’s not too much to help me, right?”

The gem cat: ???

It suddenly had a bad feeling.

“Wh-what is it?”

“It’s nothing. I’ll just bring Chi Tong and Susu to the Undead Battlefield to train sometime in the future…”

The cat immediately had a heart attack. Damn, that kind of dangerous place… Oh, it was a totem now, right? Then it was fine.

“Sure.” The gem cat heaved a sigh of relief again. It thought it was something difficult.

“What about other things?”

“Not for the time being. We’ll talk about it in the future.”

The gem cat: ???

“Oh, send me to Dean Hao of the Mechanical College. Buggy doesn’t know the map over there.”

The gem cat:…

“Alright… Wait, what are you doing over there?” the gem cat asked.

“Awaken the reward item of the national champion into a mechanical life form and use the beam of the Mechanical Research Institute to illuminate the high-level smart chip.”

“Eh, I thought you hadn’t reached level six…”

“I’ll awaken first. It’s not too late to contract it when I do level up.”

“…” Playboy behavior.