Chapter 427 - Hundred Transformations Stone Machinery (2)

“Can I, Legend Xiao?” Shi Yu still looked at Legend Xiao Shuang eagerly.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Are you really planning to contract a mechanical life form??” Although Legend Xiao Shuang believed that Mechanics were the strongest, that was in the hands of Mechanics. If someone who didn’t know mechanical knowledge contracted a mechanical life form, they would definitely go astray.

Although it wasn’t too late to learn mechanical knowledge at Shi Yu’s age, if it were anyone else with a high-level monarch mechanical life form, she would be very supportive of the other party entering the mechanical domain. However, the problem was that Shi Yu, this beast, already had five overlord species pets. Why was he still thinking about a monarch species’ machinery??

Even if the Hundred Transformations Machine was extremely malleable, it wasn’t that easy to upgrade it to an overlord race… Because her pet used the Hundred Transformations Stone as the core, she knew very well.

“I haven’t made a decision yet, so I want to see your overlord body, Demon God Black Wing…”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Legend Xiao Shuang fell silent.

After a long silence, she said, “Alright.”

She didn’t care anymore. In any case, she wasn’t familiar with Shi Yu. She would leave this to Principal Feng to persuade.

Legend Xiao Shuang sighed and stretched out her hand. A cube prop that looked like a “black Rubik’s Cube” immediately appeared in her hand. Then, the black Rubik’s Cube flew away on its own, splitting into even smaller black cubes that filled the sky and assembling itself in the sky.

In the blink of an eye, countless black Rubik’s Cube formed a super humanoid body more than ten meters tall. It was filled with a black rock texture and had huge rock wings.

“This is the Black Wing Demon God. What do you want to see?” After Xiao Shuang summoned the mecha, she asked Shi Yu.

This super mecha that had mastered dark, Mechanic, and spatial powerful attributes was her proudest creation!

“Can I touch it…” Shi Yu looked at the Black Wing Demon God, who was a hundred times more handsome than Dean Hao’s Purple Electric Mecha, and said with stars in his eyes.

Black Wing Demon God : “…”

Xiao Shuang nodded and said, “Touch it…”

She could tell that Shi Yu was the same as the mechanical men in Star Capital University. He couldn’t move when he saw mechas even more so than when he saw beauties. Such a guy should be sent to Star Capital University. It was a pity to go to Ancient Capital University.

Shi Yu quickly arrived beside the Black Wing Demon God mecha and asked, “Sister Xiao Shuang, is Senior Black Wing Demon God a high-level intelligence or a top-notch intelligence?”

Legend Xiao Shuang said indifferently, “Top-notch intelligence. Although the Hundred Transformations Stone is known as the easiest mechanical material to control, in fact, the complicated Hundred Transformations Stone requires extremely professional mechanical knowledge and extremely high computational ability of the mechanical life form to perfectly display racial abilities. If you really treat the Hundred Transformations Stone as a newbie mechanical material, you’re wrong.”

The Black Wing Demon God nodded proudly. To be able to instantly assemble a huge mecha with the various mechanical equipment in its body through countless fragments, its computing power was not to be underestimated!

Shi Yu was surprised and asked, “How many variations are there after the combination?”

Black Wing Demon God: “?”

Xiao Shuang and Principal Feng: “?”

[Replication successful]

< Name > Divine Net

[Attributes]: Mechanic, Spirit

[Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It can split multiple intelligent brains to form a complicated neural network system to have computing, analysis, and learning abilities that exceed supercomputers.

Shi Yu’s heart stopped.

Skill index, forever amazing.

However, super skills, damn it, could a newbie machine learn these?!