Chapter 428 - : Returning To The Ancient Capital

After Shi Yu successfully replicated the “Divine Net” skill, he glanced at the Black Wing Demon God Mecha.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This Divine Network was undoubtedly a top-notch intelligence system.

It should be an exclusive skill researched by Legend Xiao Shuang that combined the racial characteristics of the Hundred Transformations Stone Body.

With the skill, Shi Yu glanced at the mecha.

[Teaching success rate]: High

“Eh?”

Shi Yu was stunned.

It actually had the will of an overlord?

Impressive.

But then again, how should the will of mechanical life be judged?

He had really never paid attention to the level of the mechanical life form’s will before.

Should he start from the lowest, or would the level of willpower be different according to the level of the smart chip and the initial setting?

Unlike other lives that were born “blank”…

Some mechanical lives were not actually blank when they were born.

Most mechanical lives would have some settings added before they were created.

For example, there were battle and protective machines set as “Protect Master”.

For example, a mechanical maid with the setting of “Only Love Master”.

There was also the research-type machine with the setting “study constantly”.

These settings were equivalent to the dreams of mechanical lives. They were written by the creator.

Shi Yu felt that although the level of the will of this mechanical life form that could be written down in the initial settings wouldn’t be very high, it probably couldn’t be low either.

After all, a human could casually change his dream. If he was lazy, he could choose to do nothing.

However, with a fixed mechanical life form, its execution in this aspect shouldn’t be weak. This meant that its willpower shouldn’t be bad.

Although it was unrealistic to expect a cleaner robot to explode in power, as long as it still had energy and wasn’t damaged, it wouldn’t go on strike for no reason. In some positions, it was too common to see a mechanical life that held their post for decades.

“Although it’s a battle-type machine, it’s still a top-notch intelligence. Your question is too simple,” Legend Xiao Shuang said calmly.

Her words interrupted Shi Yu, who was in deep thought.

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. He smiled and said, “I was just asking, just asking…”

“Ask something useful,” Principal Feng said.

“Legend Xiao Shuang is the new generation Mechanic with the greatest potential in the mechanical field.”

“Generally speaking, top-notch intelligence only appears on research-type machines, but Legend Xiao Shuang managed to successfully upgrade battle-type machines to top-notch intelligence. This is unique.”

Principal Feng sighed. “If you have any questions, quickly ask Legend Xiao.”

Principal Feng didn’t think that he could persuade Shi Yu not to contract a mechanical pet. Since he couldn’t persuade him, he would try to let Shi Yu take fewer detours.

“Is it very difficult for battle-type machines to have top-notch intelligence?” Shi Yu asked.

Legend Xiao Shuang said, “It’s very difficult, but it’s not impossible. You can treat top-notch intelligence as a super skill.”

“Mechanical lives are actually the same as other pets. The principle of them being unrefined is also applicable to them.”

“After all, the capacity of the body is limited. If it mainly develops battle abilities, it will cause other restrictions, and vice versa.”

“Then your Black Wing Demon God…” Shi Yu asked.

“Its top-notch intelligence is only used to assist in battle.”

“Although my Black Wing Demon God has top-notch intelligence, if it’s converted to the proficiency of super skills, it’s only about the proficient level. It hasn’t even reached the expert level. Its main leveling path is still the battle direction, so its battle-type super skills are upgraded relatively smoothly. They have all reached perfect proficiency.”

“So if you really want to contract a mechanical life form, my suggestion is also to specialize in one direction to level up, be it battle, support, or research type.”

“It’s like a fighter jet. Its own function should be to gallop in the sky and constantly strengthen its flying and battle ability. A research-type index should mainly develop intelligence, not be relied on to fight.”

“Although the mechanical lives of us legendary Beast Tamers are involved in various aspects of life, they’re not completely proficient. It’s just to support our main abilities. After all, the decomposition combination of the Hundred Transformations Stone indeed requires a huge amount of computational power.”

Shi Yu nodded.

In the end, the energy of mechanical lives was limited. They couldn’t take care of all their abilities.

Just like Zhong Xuan’s suggestion back then, just specialize in one super skill. Don’t invest too much energy in the other skills. It was the same principle.

Shi Yu understood.

Index, increase points!

Combat skills and intelligence skills were all maxed out.

“If we use the Hundred Transformations Stone as the core to create mechanical lives, we can actually choose battle-type machines and research-type machines.”

“The special decomposition and combination structure allows them to be qualified for many missions. As for which one you major in in the future, that’s up to you.”

Legend Xiao Shuang finished.

As Shi Yu also had achievements in feeding and archeology, it wasn’t impossible for him to contract a research-type machine as a support.

“Alright, is there anything else you want to ask?”

“Yes, yes, yes…”

…

A day later.

Ancient Capital.

After the National League completely ended, the main group of Ancient Capital University returned to Ancient Capital.

The award ceremony was nothing new. Although Shi Yu was the champion, he had slipped past pretty much the whole situation the whole time and his mind was on his mechanical pet.

However, from Legend Xiao Shuang, he replicated three useful skills.

The first was the top-notch intelligent system skill “Divine Net”. This was a super skill.