Chapter 422 - Auspicious Divine Beast Kirin (1)

“Wu…” Buggy was silent. It was also very beautiful, but it was still a boy.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The leader was also very cute and a boy.

As for Baby Ginseng, Buggy had been puzzled. Was there really a gender difference in the ginseng race?

“Stop being narcissistic,” Shi Yu said.

Buggy: ???

Bah, this Beast Tamer…

“Hurry up and do business,” Shi Yu said.

As soon as he finished speaking, Shi Yu entered a meditative state. As for Buggy, it maintained a mental connection with Shi Yu and activated its Imagination Domain, trying to steal the Dream Kirin Horn fossil!

One second… two seconds… three seconds…

Ten minutes passed, but nothing happened.

“Heh heh.” Shi Yu opened his eyes and sighed.

“Wu wu.” Buggy also opened its eyes and sighed.

Why was this fossil still in seclusion?

“We can still continue trying.” Shi Yu didn’t give up. “Have a bite of the Time Fruit.”

“Wu—?”

Buggy was stunned and looked at Shi Yu with tears in its eyes.

It didn’t have many Time Fruits left… Even Baby Ginseng wasn’t willing to make more for them.

“It’s alright, it’s alright. I’ll get Baby Ginseng to reimburse you later. This is all business,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu!!” Buggy was immediately relieved when it heard this. It took out a Time Fruit from its spatial pocket.

“Wuu.” Then, its huge body swallowed it in one bite.

Crack!

After biting the fruit and swallowing it, Buggy’s aura began to climb steadily. It temporarily stepped into the overlord domain and seized the opportunity to enter the dream stealing state with Shi Yu again!

It used the full-strength dream stealing skill!

In the darkness, Shi Yu locked onto the Kirin Horn fossil through meditation. His forehead was covered in sweat. He didn’t know if he could succeed this time…

“Wu—(Buggy for the win! Time Fruit for the win!)” But at this moment, he heard Buggy’s praise for Baby Ginseng.

With a cry, under the dark meditation state, the Kirin Horn fossil that Shi Yu had locked onto began to suffuse a white halo. The light grew larger and larger, as if it wanted to envelop Shi Yu and absorb him into another world, the fossil’s dream world.

Boom!

Shi Yu opened his eyes and appeared on the barren ground with Buggy. In the world here, the sky was covered in gray clouds. The ground was covered in dry dust, and it was a silent scene of the apocalypse.

Under such a scene, soon, a beautiful and extremely handsome creature appeared in Shi Yu and the others’ eyes.

[This is…] Seeing this creature running over on the barren ground, Shi Yu’s eyes instantly widened.

Could it be…

Success?

This was the owner of the Kirin Horn fossil, the divine beast, the Wind Kirin?

This creature had a deer-like body, but its body was lighter and thinner. On its white body, some green patterns condensed into cloud-like hair, reflecting the image of the wind. It was completely different from the pictures of the Kirin Shi Yu had seen on Earth. It was already not bad if it was 10% similar. Compared to the Kirin portraits he had seen, it was more elegant, beautiful, and handsome. Its entire body was like the embodiment of the wind, and its head was even smaller and gentler.

Every time it stepped on the ground, a light breeze lingered around it. The even more elegant green-blue silk-like hair on its head also fluttered with the wind.

It was unlike when they entered the Tyrant Dragon fossil dream previously, where they were insta-killed by the irritable Tyrant Dragon. This Wind Kirin that looked like a cub was filled with fear and uneasiness, as if it was running for its life and wanted to escape.

Although it was a dream illusion, it seemed to have also seen Shi Yu and Buggy. In its panic, it stepped on the breeze and didn’t even think. Under Shi Yu and Buggy’s confused expressions, it flipped them onto its body and continued to escape, as if it wanted to save some lives in the face of some disaster.

During this process, it was very difficult for Shi Yu and Buggy to resist. This was because this dream was very strange. They felt that their strength had been sealed, and the surrounding natural energy was almost nonexistent. Even at this moment, Shi Yu and Buggy couldn’t even speak.

It was like sleep paralysis. Although it could think, it couldn’t even break free from the dream and shake its body.

Boom!

Right on the heels of that, something unknown happened. The dream realm completely shattered. Shi Yu and Buggy seemed to have been reborn. They left the fossil dream realm with sweat all over their faces and appeared in the real world again. At this moment, due to the side effects of the Time Fruit, Buggy was already completely exhausted. It lay helplessly on the table and slept.

As for Shi Yu, apart from cold sweat and a pale face with a weak expression, his mental state was not very good. He shook his head and looked at the Kirin Horn fossil again.

“Isn’t the Kirin an auspicious beast? Why did the surroundings look like an apocalypse land?” Shi Yu panted and wiped his sweat.

In this world, auspicious beasts were also a thing.

Success, he had finally entered a dream.

After seeing the Wind Kirin’s dream illusion in the dream, Shi Yu was very happy. However, what concerned Shi Yu more was the world and era background he was in at that time.

That… Could it be the Mythical Era?

After a long time, Buggy also recovered.

It also looked weak. Compared to when it entered the Tyrant Dragon fossil phantom, the side effects weren’t this taxing.

“Can you replicate the Kirin Phantom just now?” Shi Yu asked.

“Wu…” Buggy shook its head. It couldn’t even move in the fossil dream just now. There was no way to carry out the next step of dream stealing and replicating its state.