Chapter 423 - Auspicious Divine Beast Kirin (2)

“Rest, rest, and then come again,” Shi Yu said, unwilling to give up.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, he called Baby Ginseng over to replenish himself and Buggy.

Buggy: Σ(°△°|||)_!

Again… again.

“Of course.”

Buggy’s face was covered in tears. It felt so tired.

…

As Shi Yu and Buggy studied the Kirin Horn fossil with all their might, a day had already passed in the outside world.

During this period, White Brook, who had been eliminated by Shi Yu, turned her grief and indignation into motivation. She continued to guide the other team members in the team battle at the last minute and give them advice.

Although she was very miserable in the individual competition, Ancient Capital University was at least first place. Not bad, the team battle next couldn’t be too bad!

Then, the National League continued, starting the next day’s team battle.

There were a total of nine schools. Because it was a points system, it required each school to take turns fighting the other eight schools.

Therefore, there were a total of 36 big matches. This team battle lasted for a long time, and it would last for several days.

During this process, the gem cat couldn’t be bothered to watch anymore and slipped back to the ancient capital. As for Senior Panda, she still stayed at the scene and constantly replaced Shi Yu to accept interviews.

As for Shi Yu himself, he told Principal Feng and Senior Panda that he had some insights and wanted to go for emergency training. After handing the interviews to them to handle, he devoted himself to researching the Kirin Horn fossil with Buggy. In the eyes of outsiders, it was as if he had disappeared from the national competition.

“Isn’t that enough?”

A few days later, Shi Yu and Buggy had already tried entering and stealing dreams countless times.

If they didn’t have any results every time, they wouldn’t be so hardworking. It was mainly because every time they entered a dream, they felt that their condition was better and they were constantly familiarizing themselves with that dream. Therefore, this was the reason why the two of them kept trying.

After a few days, Shi Yu and Buggy could already barely move in this fossil dream. Buggy could even barely steal and replicate the Wind Kirin’s dream illusion in the dream.

Unfortunately, in the recent few times, he felt that something was lacking. Every time Buggy’s replication progress reached 99%, it was suddenly interrupted and it couldn’t replicate successfully.

After Shi Yu and the others tried countless times…

With the help of Shi Yu, Buggy finally made a breakthrough in surrounding the “Kirin Horn fossil”.

With Buggy’s current temporary overlord-level strength, it couldn’t materialize the illusion in the fossil dream out of thin air. However, relying on the Kirin Horn fossil as the foundation for the illusion, placing it on the fossil and letting the fossil be the core of the illusion… This, Buggy could barely do at the moment.

No matter what, it had successfully materialized.

Buggy and Shi Yu were instantly pleasantly surprised.

At the same time, through the dream stealing, Buggy and Shi Yu instantly knew the skill mastered by this Wind Kirin through the dream connection.

However, what puzzled Shi Yu and Buggy was that they didn’t know if the Wind Kirin only knew these three skills or if the fossil had been from too long ago, causing the dream illusion to be incomplete. The illusion that Buggy tried its best to materialize only had three skill traces.

Although it was a divine beast in myths, there were no so-called divine skills.

There were only three super skills!

Of course, in Shi Yu’s opinion, these three super skills were really impressive.

< Name > Turning Misfortune into Luck

< Introduction > It’s a wind-element super skill. It can absorb skills that are dangerous to itself and double its power against the enemy.

< Name > Wind Spirit Bead

< Introduction > It’s a wind-element super skill. The Wind Spirit Bead can absorb and adapt to most attributes. It can also spread the effects of other attributes to the maximum through the power of the wind.

< Name > Wind Blessing

< Introduction > It’s a super skill of the wind, time, and space elements. It can increase luck with the help of the wind of nature.

There were no divine skills, but it was normal. It would be unscientific if Buggy could materialize a divine beast that could master divine skills.

Even without a divine skill, the three skills brought by this Wind Kirin Phantom were already very powerful.

What the hell was this Wind Blessing?

A three-element skill like the Dragon of Imagination? And a space-time dual-element skill? This was too sick.

Hu hu hu hu!!!

Hu hu hu!!!

At the same time.

As the green and white wind lingered around the Kirin Horn fossil, the remaining dream illusion inside gradually revived under the stimulation of the external power. Soon, the appearance of the Kirin phantom Shi Yu and Buggy had seen in the dream materialized.

“Wu!!”

But at this moment, Buggy was suddenly stunned, and its expression changed.

“Wu!!” It cried out nervously.

After it conjured a fossil phantom through the Kirin Horn fossil, it actually didn’t have any control over the phantom. In the past, it had absolute control over the dream phantom of other creatures, but this time, its power seemed to be just a medium for the revival of the dream phantom of the Kirin Horn fossil. The moment the phantom appeared, it broke its connection with the other party.

“What?” Shi Yu was also stunned.

At the same time, the Wind Kirin Phantom, which was not tall or even more than a meter tall, slowly opened its confused eyes. However, in the next moment, the phantom disappeared, as if the energy on its body was not enough for it to be born. In an instant, it turned into a breeze again, and its figure completely disappeared. The Kirin Horn fossil at the core of the phantom fell to the ground again.

This scene completely stunned Shi Yu and Buggy. Then, the huge consumption made Shi Yu and Buggy quickly sit on the ground and look at the Kirin Horn fossil tiredly.