Chapter 424 - Auspicious Divine Beast Kirin (3)

“This phantom…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s still an illusion and not a life form. Then, the problem is how to transform it into a life form and keep that Wind Blessing.” Shi Yu looked at Buggy, and Buggy also looked at Shi Yu eagerly. Then, they looked at the Kirin fossil together.

A skill to increase luck?

It didn’t sound like much, but how could time and space be weak?

Shi Yu instantly felt that the past few days had not been in vain.

If he could replicate this skill and add points to the maximum level, how powerful would that be?

Would it add a wind of luck to itself? If the enemy wanted to harm him from half a planet away, a meteorite could accidentally smash it to death?

This was too fierce. In other words, if he added a wind of luck to two totem-level creatures, would it be possible for them, who were horrible at reproducing, to get the deed done instantly?

With this, he could easily get on the good side of the totems…

Also, if he was even luckier and had a 100% chance of listening to history, that would be even more perfect.

“I have to obtain this skill.” Shi Yu crawled up. Then, there was a problem. It was so difficult to modify the Tyrant Dragon Phantom into a mechanical life form. How could he modify this even more difficult-looking Kirin Phantom Revival into a mechanical life form that could inherit and release the original skill of the phantom?

“Wu!!” Buggy asked what to do next.

Shi Yu didn’t know either.

Just as he got up, he continued to lie on the sofa like a salted fish and sighed.

“Let’s do this first. The competition will end today. Let’s go get the Hundred Transformations Stone and mechanical materials first…”

“It’s still too tiring to study mechanical phantom beasts myself…”

“It’s too troublesome to find other legendary mechanical big shots to help. After all, it’s not anything important. We don’t have time to invest all our energy in this. When the time comes, it won’t be good for us to slack off when others work.”

Suddenly, Shi Yu was stunned.

Wait a minute.

Others were working, but he was lazing around?

He realized that his previous train of thought was completely wrong.

Why did he have to directly use illusions to create machinery???

Why did it have to be done in one go?

Even Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast wasn’t an overlord race when it was created, right? It was modified and upgraded step by step.

This was originally extremely ridiculous. It was something that created a new field in mechanical research. Even those legendary Mechanics might not necessarily be able to do it with their mechanical knowledge.

Moreover, he was a mechanical noob.

Find a big boss to guide him!

Soon, Shi Yu thought of this method, but this wasn’t a big boss in the traditional sense.

Instead, he would create a big boss himself.

Mechanical lives were divided into battle-type machines, support-type machines, and research-type machines.

Most machines had the ability to learn and grow on their own. The so-called race level could also be increased through upgrading the day after tomorrow.

There was no need for him to pursue the mechanical beast from the start.

What if he contracted a research-type mechanical pet and filled its research ability, learning ability, creation ability, and mechanical knowledge through the skill index to the Dao Proficiency level? Then, he would let it study how to transform itself into a mechanical phantom beast with a divine beast template??

Why did he have to study it himself!

Wouldn’t it be easier to squeeze his pets dry?

At this moment, Shi Yu’s thoughts instantly cleared. The pressure on him was completely gone.

“I can even contract the most ordinary research-type mechanical life form. Then, by maxing out its research ability and letting it upgrade itself, I’ll just increase points and pay for the materials.”

“At that time, researching mechanical phantom beasts will be enough with mechanical pets and bugs. I can slack off.”

“As long as I nurture my pet into a research-type big boss, I, a Beast Tamer, will be equivalent to a big boss.”

At the side, Buggy’s gaze was filled with horror as it listened to Shi Yu’s muttering. Damn it, what level of capitalist are you…

—-