Chapter 420 - National Champion Shi Yu (3)

In addition, the gem cat’s little vault… No, that was his. The billions in his little vault, after some calculation… Shi Yu felt that he was already so rich.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Sigh, rich my ass. I have to use the mechanical materials myself. I might even have to keep adding funds to them. The rest can’t even buy me half a legendary resource. I’m still poor.” However, after being happy for a moment, Shi Yu sighed.

The rewards and prizes could only be received after the competition completely ended. At this moment, Shi Yu was thinking if there were any other places where he could get resources or money.

The National League was over. It was time to look into the future. He planned to collect five to six legendary resources in a year. It would be best if his spatial level broke through to level seven and he became a legendary Beast Tamer. Then he could obtain the qualifications to go abroad. Whether he participated in the World Tournament or not, he wanted to see the World Tree.

Shi Yu also knew that time was tight. He wanted to see if he could increase the level of his pet and his own body at the same time by crazily adding some super skills this year…

…

At the same time, in the contestant village of Imperial Capital University.

Gao Xuan, who was covered in bandages, opened the door in disappointment. He subconsciously said, “Principal, I didn’t…”

“Teacher?”

Gao Xuan was stunned. Seeing that the person who came was not the old principal of Imperial Capital University, but his guide in the fourth bureau, Elder Liu, he immediately didn’t want to face him.

“Lost? You feel very uncomfortable, right?”

Elder Liu, who had rushed to Demon Capital, looked at Gao Xuan and sighed.

“Sorry, Teacher. I disappointed you and lost the competition… I didn’t get the mechanical materials.”

“Forget it, it’s not your fault.” Old Liu shook his head.

If Gao Xuan had lost the competition for other reasons, he would indeed be disappointed. However, this time… Shi Yu, who had suddenly appeared, even if Elder Liu was in Gao Xuan’s shoes, he didn’t know how to break out of the situation. He only felt deep despair. This little monster was too strong.

Gao Xuan was already very prepared. Apart from small forbidden weapons that couldn’t be used, he had already used all his trump cards. But even so, he was still not Shi Yu’s match. Not to mention, he had no chance at all. Old Liu could only sigh. This newbie from the third and eleventh bureau was really scary.

Gao Xuan’s loss was not unjust. He accepted it.

“It’s just a Hundred Transformations Stone. It’s not rare,” Old Liu said.

Gao Xuan was silent. It wasn’t about the Hundred Transformations Stone, but the loss of this competition. It made him feel very uncomfortable and he gritted his teeth.

“It’s also a good thing. If you don’t count Shi Yu, you should be the youngest Beast Tamer in the top 100 of the Sequence. You’re only 21 years old, but you already have such achievements. You’re already very talented. I was originally worried that you would be too arrogant because of this, but there’s no need to worry now. With a monster younger and stronger than you spur you on, it’ll save you the trouble of relaxing. It’s just a National League, and it’s far from the end. Since he’s also participating in the Sequence battle, you guys will have a chance to fight sooner or later.”

“In addition, don’t you want to participate in the world competition? If you have any hope of entering the top ten of the Sequence, he will also successfully enter. Apart from being a competitor, you will also be teammates in the future. The stronger your teammates are, the more at ease you should be. In short, only by encouraging each other can we grow together. Do you know what to do next?”

“Don’t worry about the National League first. You’re about to graduate. At that time, concentrate on preparing for the Mechanical Conference. This conference is far more important to you than the National League.”

“I understand.” Gao Xuan nodded.

The Mechanical Conference was similar to the Feeding Conference. It was the annual innovation mechanical product exhibition of Dong Huang. Because Dong Huang had developed the mechanical field vigorously in recent decades, the attention, value, and various benefits of the Mechanical Conference were higher than the entry requirements of the Feeding Conference.

Gao Xuan had been researching an extremely important innovative technology product through his “Awakening” talent since a long time ago. Perhaps he had hope of winning the Gold Award of the Mechanical Conference with this. Many seniors in the fourth bureau also thought very highly of it, so apart from the National League, the fourth bureau also prepared very rich rewards at this conference to support new stars in the mechanical field…