Chapter 425 - Hundred Transformations Stone Machinery

That day, the National League ended.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In this National League, the national champion of the individual competition was taken by Shi Yu. As a result, Shi Yu’s name received widespread discussion.

And the champion of the team battle was taken by Demon Capital University.

Imperial Capital University’s second place was very miserable. Not only was it not the champion in the individual battle, but the team was also not…

Of course, in the team battle, Ancient Capital University was even worse. It was ranked seventh, which was third from the bottom.

It verified that the strong were really strong, and the weak were really weak.

However, in the National League next year, the audience had reason to believe that the overall results of Ancient Capital University would increase.

At least, the education funds of Ancient Capital University would definitely not be small next year. With money, the school could invest more resources in the students.

“The competition should be over at this time.”

Shi Yu came out of the room listlessly. At this moment, his mind was filled with mechanical pets.

He came out at the right time. Principal Feng happened to rush over from the arena. Following him was a woman in a black trench coat.

“Are you done?”

From afar, the old man asked with a smile. He had been very happy these past two days.

Although the team battle results of Ancient Capital University were as lousy as ever, their individual competition results this year were strong.

Apart from Lu Qingyi’s batch of Ancient Capital University students who were lucky enough to get second place, they had never entered the top five in the past ten years!

This time, it took off completely and directly took first place with an absolute advantage.

“I’m done,” Shi Yu replied with a smile.

“Legend Xiao.”

Then, Shi Yu greeted the lady beside Principal Feng.

This person was the judge of this competition, the legendary Mechanic Xiao Shuang of the fourth bureau.

“Yes.”

Xiao Shuang saw Shi Yu and said, “You don’t look very good. The competition has ended for so long, haven’t you rested yet?”

So, Shi Yu’s slash that shattered Gao Xuan’s mecha in the National League also had huge side effects?

Xiao Shuang was silent. Indeed, after they finished cutting, they seemed to have eaten a pile of supplements…

“Ah…”

Shi Yu shook his head. Really?

He had clearly just finished eating Baby Ginseng’s supplements. Did he look very weak??

Baby Ginseng had become weaker.

Or had he become stronger?

“Perhaps. We’ll immediately carry out other training after the competition,” Shi Yu said.

Forget it, so be it. As long as he didn’t feel anything.

The weak state of others was 1/100, while his was 100/10,000. It was different.

Legend Xiao Shuang nodded. A genius was indeed extraordinary.

“Cough.” Principal Feng didn’t sense anything unusual about Shi Yu.

The old man said, “The competition is over. Legend Xiao Shuang specially came over to distribute the prizes to you personally.”

There would be an award ceremony tonight.

However, that trophy that was only given as a symbol of honor was not worth much.

What was really valuable was still the money and physical rewards distributed by the competition authorities.

The other contestants might have to register themselves, but on Shi Yu’s side, Legend Xiao Shuang chose to personally distribute it.

Most importantly, she wanted to come into contact with Shi Yu personally.

Previously, she had only seen it in the video or from afar. She still wanted to observe this abnormal young Beast Tamer up close.

Outstanding Beast Tamers were always very attractive.

“There are a total of three prizes.”

Legend Xiao Shuang said, “Rewards card, Space Crystal, as well as the Wind-element Hundred Transformations Stone and the accompanying basic mechanical materials.”

As soon as she finished speaking, a white light flashed in front of her.

It was unknown if it was because of the ruins space or other special spatial equipment, but a large white suitcase-shaped box immediately appeared between Shi Yu and her.

On the big box was a wooden box the size of a photo frame.

Apart from that, it was a black card that appeared out of thin air in Legend Xiao Shuang’s hand.

She first handed the bonus card to Shi Yu and introduced, “The wooden box contains the Space Crystal Stone. As for the white mechanical box, it contains the Hundred Transformations Stone, high-level intelligence chip, and various basic materials for the adaptability device.”

“You can use the Space Crystal for your own cultivation. As for these mechanical materials, they’re still considered complete. With the existing materials, you can synthesize a mechanical life form of a high-level monarch race. If you have any ideas, I can help you. Of course, the Mechanical College of Ancient Capital University can also do it,” Xiao Shuang said.

Shi Yu should know these things. After all, the rewards of the National League had been introduced in sufficient detail when it was announced.

Although these were all prepared for Gao Xuan, they definitely couldn’t say it out loud when it was announced.

Therefore, what was publicized was a set of top-notch mechanical materials that could be assembled into a “high-level monarch race mechanical life form”.

They were respectively made of the Hundred Transformations Stone (Wind), high-level intelligence chip, and adaptability device.

Among them, the Wind-element Hundred Transformations Stone determined the race, attributes, and core abilities of the mechanical life form.

Under normal circumstances, mechanical lives created with the Hundred Transformations Stone as the core would have two skills.

One was high-level, while the other was super-level.

High-level skills were the “Hundred Transformations” of the Mechanic class.

It was a very rare Mechanic skill, mainly appearing on the Hundred Transformations Stone.

Hundred Transformations was also divided into two abilities: decomposition and combination.

The effect was roughly that decomposition could allow a Hundred Transformations Stone to break into countless Hundred Transformations Stones. It was similar to the elementalization of elemental creatures or a clone, but it had a physical body. Its main body directly divided, not created out of thin air.

As for combination, it was the decomposition of the body parts that could be perfectly combined again. The relationship between the two was similar to shrinking and enlarging in multiplication. The connection was very deep.