Chapter 426 - Hundred Transformations Stone Machinery (1)

Through the “Decomposition Combination”, the Hundred Transformations Stone could realize its Hundred Transformations ability. As long as the level of these two skills was high enough, they could transform into anything.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If a Hundred Transformations Stone in the form of a Rubik’s Cube wanted to become a triangle, it might require entry-level Hundred Transformations.

But if it wanted to go from a Rubik’s Cube to a complicated fighter plane and mecha, it might have to use skills with higher proficiency.

Moreover, just the skill level was not enough. After all, the Hundred Transformations only determined its appearance. If it wanted the accompanying ability, it still had to use the mechanical life form in the Hundred Transformations along with other mechanical equipment to complete the transformation to increase strength.

Therefore, although the Hundred Transformations Stone was a top-notch pet very suitable for newbie Mechanics, it still needed a certain level of mechanical proficiency to help the Hundred Transformations Stone create different mechanical forms.

As for super skills, they were elemental control with corresponding attributes. The Wind-element Hundred Transformations Stone was “Wind-element control”, a very adaptable wind-element skill.

Similar to “Water Elemental Control” and “Plant Control”, it was a high-level skill for a bunch of basic wind skills.

If the Hundred Transformations Stone was the body of a mechanical life form, then the smart chip was the brain of a mechanical life form.

In the beginning, mechanical lives could only be created by Beast Tamers with “Awakening Talent”.

However, with the birth of the “smart chip”, even ordinary people could rely on the smart chip to create a mechanical life form with intelligence and the ability to think for themselves.

It was the most important part of a mechanical life form, and it concerned whether a mechanical life form could be called “life”.

At the moment, the market was divided into “ordinary intelligence chip”, “high-level intelligence chip”, and “top-notch intelligence chip”.

The smart chip determined the talent of a mechanical life, which was to learn, understand, and calculate abilities.

Ordinary smart chips could give mechanical lives “basic intelligence”.

As for high-level smart chips, they could give mechanical life high-level skills “high-level intelligence”.

Of course, there were also low-level intelligent skills that could only carry out fixed procedures, but those were prepared for special machines… such as forbidden machines.

Among the rewards of this National League, the only mechanical materials accompanying the Hundred Transformations Stone were high-level smart chips.

This was very normal.

This was because top-notch intelligence chips couldn’t be directly created. They were upgraded later. Moreover, every top-notch intelligence was very difficult to replicate. It was the result of the joint efforts of a legendary Mechanic and his mechanical pet and the crystallization of intelligence. It was a super ability, and it was very rare.

As for the adaptability device, it allowed the Hundred Transformations Stone, the smart chip, and other mechanical materials to quickly adapt to the device that could be perfectly assembled.

Although there were only three types of mechanical materials, they could coincidentally be assembled into a mechanical life form, and it was a Hundred Transformations Mechanical Life form with extremely high malleability. This was the champion prize publicized in the National League. For most Beast Tamers, it still had a very fatal attraction.

Xiao Shuang looked at Shi Yu.

However, she felt that Shi Yu shouldn’t be interested.

After all, Shi Yu had five overlord species pets. Unlike other contestants, his horizons were definitely very high… Even if he contracted a new pet, there was no need to be interested in the Mechanic class with extremely high requirements for professional knowledge.

It wasn’t enough for the Beast Tamer to worry about.

Some Beast Tamers without mechanical knowledge, but with good talent potential and ambition, would definitely not choose mechanical lives… Especially complicated mechanical lives. The reason was very simple. Maintenance was too troublesome, leveling up was too troublesome, and everything was troublesome.

“Thank you.” Shi Yu nodded and said,

“I remember that Legend Xiao’s trump card is the super body created with the Hundred Transformations Stone as the core, right?” Shi Yu suddenly looked at Legend Xiao Shuang.

“Huh?”

“If nothing goes wrong, I should also create a mechanical life contract with the Hundred Transformations Stone as the core…”

“I wonder, before that… Can I take a look at your mecha?”

Xiao Shuang was stunned.

Wait, what did he just say???

He really wanted to use this Hundred Transformations Stone to create a mechanical life contract??

No kidding??

She quickly looked at Principal Feng.

It meant that Shi Yu’s previous pets, the Iron-eating Beast, the Butterfly of Imagination, the Ginseng Baby, the Sword Spirit, and the Water Slime, were all very “regular” pets. Was the sixth one suddenly contracting a mechanical life form for real??

Nurturing mechanical lives… was different from nurturing animals, plants, and elements. The professional knowledge needed was huge.

“Ah, this.” Principal Feng smiled bitterly beside him.

To be honest, he didn’t recommend it either.

There were usually two types of people who contracted mechanical lives.

1. There was really no other choice. Buying a mechanical life form with pretty good strength wasn’t for ambition. The tamer wouldn’t expect to rely on the Mechanic class to climb to the highest peak, but he just had to make a living for the time being. Upgrading and repairing depended on spending money to find a Mechanic.

2. The tamer was a Mechanic with very strong professionalism. He had the ability to modify, upgrade, assemble, and repair mechanical lives himself.

He didn’t know if Shi Yu was the former, but it definitely wasn’t the latter…

However, Shi Yu just wanted to contract it.

It wasn’t like Principal Feng didn’t know this. It wasn’t the first time he had heard Shi Yu nag about wanting to contract a handsome mechanical life form… He was also very helpless about this playful thought.