Chapter 437 - Another Great Harvest And Shi Yu'S Ambition

Ancient Capital University.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In a classic courtyard.

This was Principal Feng’s residence.

At this moment, Principal Feng and the gem cat were leisurely drinking hot tea.

Soon, a tired figure rushed over.

“Principal Feng, bone sword, bone sword, bone sword, let me see.”

After Shi Yu arrived, he asked Principal Feng and the gem cat in anticipation.

His own people were more reliable after all.

Legendary-level resources were applied for just like that.

Unlike the Dong Huang Association, who were slow like snails.

Good thing he had made so much news.

“Yes, yes, I can’t lose it.” Principal Feng smiled.

At the side, the gem cat was elegant and calm. “Where’s Little Chi Tong?”

The legendary undead resources this time were very useful to Little Chi Tong.

Shi Yu said calmly, “What Chi Tong? How can I give it to it directly?”

“When it gets first place in the team competition, I’ll give it to it.”

“How can you get the bone sword without experiencing storms?”

Principal Feng and the gem cat : “…”

It didn’t know if it was a good thing or unlucky to be his pet.

When Beast Tamers obtained legendary-level resources, they couldn’t wait to use them immediately to strengthen their pets. But this guy was treating it as a reward?

Wait, what was the team competition?

This guy was not human anymore…

“In any case, my level isn’t high enough now. I can’t maximize the effect of the legendary resource even if I use it,” Shi Yu said.

Generally speaking, legendary resources were used when monarchs broke through to the overlord level, when overlords broke through to the totem level, or when totems strengthened themselves.

Under the restriction of Shi Yu’s spatial level, even if Chi Tong’s growth level was strengthened by legendary resources, it was impossible for it to break through again.

He definitely had to use it at the right time.

“It’s alright,” the gem cat said.

“I know your level is low. The bone sword isn’t a traditional strengthening-type resource. You can use it at any time.”

“It’s considered a strengthening and special fusion resource.”

“Firstly, it has the ability to revive and control the lives it kills in the form of undead.”

“It can be said that it’s an ability that can help other lives change their race.”

“Of course, after becoming an undead, most of them will have remnant souls, similar to the dragon remnant soul of your classmate, Yu Shu. Their racial abilities will definitely decrease.”

“However, it’s also an excellent soul container. Although it can only store spiritual bodies inside, it shouldn’t be a problem to store dozens or millions of them. Be it the undead it creates or other undead, as long as they enter the bone sword, they will subtly strengthen the bone sword. This is permanent strengthening.”

“Especially through the possession skill, the effect will be better. The higher the level of the possession skill, the better the strengthening effect.”

“Therefore, in theory, it can not only be used as a strengthening-type resource to strengthen undead creatures, but it can also be like a special-type resource, allowing pets to obtain some new abilities. If it completely absorbs the power of the bone sword, it might be able to master its ability to create undead races.”

“Most importantly, it’s different from pure strengthening-type resources. Strengthening is subtle. The effect isn’t that fierce, and it won’t be like common strengthening-type resources where it can’t stop and explode the user in an instant,” the gem cat said.

“Well, that’s about it. Ancient Capital University has two legendary resources. One is the bone sword, and the other is a traditional strengthening-type resource. Among them, the effect of the bone sword is especially suitable for you and Chi Tong.”

Principal Feng sighed. “Didn’t it master the Spirit Release skill? The Spirit Release skill is only effective against formed undead lives. It’s useless to kill other types of lives, but if we have the bone sword…”

“When your ginseng baby cripples a few more overlords one day and uses the bone sword to stab them, they will become undead puppets. Not only can they be fighters, but they can also be nutrients for its Spirit Release.”

Shi Yu was stunned. Good heavens, they had already calculated it.

Recycling.

If there was such a good thing, they should have taken it out earlier.

“Also, if you’re desperate one day and your body suffers an incurable injury, your soul will be fine. Take the bone sword and stab yourself. Perhaps you can also die in the form of a soul. Although human spiritual bodies are the easiest to disappear, you should still have a few years of consciousness. It’s better to live than to die.” The gem cat chuckled.

Shi Yu :”…”

“Where’s the bone sword?”

“Here.”

The gem cat teleported a black box over and opened it.

A small white sword that looked like a fruit knife appeared in front of Shi Yu.

The bone sword was smaller than Shi Yu imagined. It was clearly a “dagger” about the size of a Mini Chi Tong. How could this be called a sword?

“What kind of bone is this…”

The bone sword was quite beautiful, like white jade, but after Shi Yu took a look, the feed index didn’t react at all. He couldn’t analyze its material.

Even the material of General Mu Huiyin’s Gemini Silver Armor could be detected in an instant by the Feeding index, but this one didn’t react.

“I’m not sure, but it should be made of the bones of a demigod-level totem.” Principal Feng stroked his beard and said, “The mystic realm that this was obtained from came from the totem era.”

“The dragon ball I obtained, which is the one Buggy used, was also obtained from the derived mystic realm of this mystic realm,” the gem cat said.

Shi Yu nodded. The totem era…

Although the Beast Tamer culture of the totem era might not necessarily be as strong as the ones from the Beast Taming Era, the time span of the totem era was really too long.

In this long period of time, more than a hundred Dragon Gods had changed in Dragon Palace City. It was obvious that there were also many Beast Tamers among humans.