Chapter 439 - Another Great Harvest And Shi Yu'S Ambition (2)

“The last level-seven water drop is called the Memory Crystal. It’s a late special water-element and time-element totem of our Dong Huang. It’s a tool that stores the control experience of the transcendent water-element power. At the start, it was also a legendary resource, but because it was used many times, most of the skill experience has been digested. There’s not much skill experience left, and the energy level naturally fell.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“But even so, it’s still a rare treasure for water-element life forms below the overlord level. One can quickly increase the proficiency of water-element skills while carrying the memory crystal. Under the lead of the memory crystal, the skill proficiency of the Blue Sea Sprite’s reincarnation will increase very quickly. At that time, under the lead of the skill level, it’s not difficult to break through to the overlord level.”

“This is the most suitable resource for the current Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation. In fact, there are many water-element resources in the national resource bank. You can also search through the third bureau’s index. If the Environmental Protection Bureau has any special needs, you can satisfy them later,” Principal Feng said.

“For example, when the limit is close to the overlord level, water-element legendary resources… Ahem, it should be possible.”

The memory crystal guaranteed the stable growth of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation. Communicating with the power of the water outside the skies was a special power that the Blue Sea Sprite had never possessed when it was alive. The Sea Wave Stone guaranteed the battle skills of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation. In the eyes of the Dong Huang Association, these three low-level legendary-level resources could turn the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation into a powerful overlord. It was not a problem.

As long as the Blue Sea Sprite needed true legendary resources, the Dong Huang Association wouldn’t be stingy.

In the eyes of the Dong Huang Association, quickly nurturing Susu to the overlord level and accepting the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance was the most important thing.

Of course, they didn’t dare to help it grow too much. It wasn’t a good thing to level up too quickly. This way, they wouldn’t be able to befriend the Blue Sea Sprite in time. Shi Yu and the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation had been together for too short a time, and it wasn’t conducive to establishing bonds.

The Dong Huang Association still wanted stability.

“Alright.” Shi Yu was satisfied.

Not bad.

Although this Susu could use and involve itself in water elemental control, it was indeed not proficient. The power of a star? That was even less involved. As for the memory crystal, to be honest, it was the one Shi Yu was the most interested in.

It wasn’t because it might save Shi Yu the effort of adding some water-element control skills a few times. Instead, it was created by time-element skills. What if Susu mastered a similar ability after swallowing it?

“What a harvest.” Beside him, the gem cat’s face was filled with envy.

Damn it, damn it, damn it. This damn tycoon, Shi Yu, was countless times richer than it. He even pretended to be poor all day.

“It’s alright, it’s alright.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“Also.” Principal Feng wasn’t stopping.

“There’s more?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“This is dispensable to you. It doesn’t mean much.” Principal Feng took out another license.

“Top-notch Beast Tamer license, top-notch master. The requirement is that the Beast Tamer’s battle power can temporarily resist overlord-level creatures. Apart from being able to undergo the assessment at the association’s headquarters, some proven battle results can also be used as the assessment judging criteria. Because of your performance in the National League, the Dong Huang Association’s headquarters directly issued you a top-notch master license, and you’re exempted from the advancement assessment.”

“Our Ancient Capital doesn’t have the right to issue the top assessment. It’s easier now. You don’t have to take the assessment in the capital anymore.” Principal Feng chuckled and said, “Speaking of which, because we’ve presided over your three assessments, as well as the fact his daughter’s made some achievements, our Ancient Capital Association’s Master Qu Jie seems to have also received a promotion opportunity from the capital. He can go to the capital headquarters to work at any time.”

“I wonder if he’ll go…”

“The opportunity to be assigned to overlord-level colleagues and teammates to become a legendary examiner for top-notch masters and legendary Beast Tamers is rare.”

Shi Yu had a strange expression. Master Qu Jie was going to be promoted to the headquarters. Pretty good.

Unfortunately, he already had a top-notch license. There was no need to look for him for the assessment.

“Eh, Master Qu Jie has a daughter?” Shi Yu suddenly discovered a blind spot.

Forget it, it had nothing to do with him.

“Sorry to trouble you.” After Shi Yu reaped his harvest, he thanked Principal Feng.

Then, he asked carefully, “This time… there shouldn’t be anything left to attend to, right?”

This made him a little expectant. He hoped that there would be more things to do. Once something happened, resources and documents would come. Who could withstand it?

“No more!” Principal Feng chuckled.

“Speaking of which, hasn’t Senior Lu come out of seclusion yet?” Shi Yu asked.

Principal Feng was fine, but he had something to do.

Ever since Lu Qingyi decided to participate in the Sequence Battle, she had started to enter seclusion to cultivate hard. She wanted to break through to the legendary level and had yet to come out. Senior Lu still didn’t know that Shi Yu had blown up two overlords and become the national champion.

The cultivation location was a legendary ruins space left behind by a legendary Beast Tamer from the totem era that Lu Qingyi had obtained herself. Shi Yu was very envious.

In short, Shi Yu missed Senior Lu after not seeing her for so long. The Mythical Revival skill that Senior Lu had obtained from archeology was known as the strongest grade super skill. At first, Shi Yu didn’t mind, but as he wanted to study the Mythical Beast Kirin fossil, Shi Yu wondered if this skill could help in his research. He planned to replicate it and see if he could teach it to Ling.