Chapter 431 - Birth Of A Mechanical Pet (1)

The Divine Wind Nation, also known as the Divine Eagle Nation, was also famous because they had successfully modified the local totem, the Wind God Eagle, into a half-god level mechanical divine eagle back then.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Apart from that, there were also rumors that the current legendary Beast Tamer of the seven islands was a “man-made person” involved in biological mechanical modification. Therefore, even without the power of a pet, her own battle power gave her the right to be called a Valkyrie.

After Dragon Palace City was invaded by the Poison Dragon Totem, without concrete evidence, the reason why they didn’t dare to make a confrontation directly and chose to investigate the evidence instead was simple. It was because the other party had the valkyrie presiding over them.

“Like the cyborgs in Dragon Ball?” Shi Yu muttered in his heart. This was all gossip from the Sea Dragon King of Dragon Palace City. There were no records of this in Dong Huang.

Or rather, it was not good to let ordinary Beast Tamers know.

“Alright, let’s do this.”

As Shi Yu took out a high-level smart chip from the ruins space and placed it in the groove of the experiment table, Dean Hao said.

Soon.

Under Dean Hao’s operation, three lights lit up and emitted red, white, and blue beams.

The three-body beam focused and covered the entire high-level smart chip.

Soon, the transparent glass-like smart chip was dyed in three colors. The three colors were like liquid as they began to flow and fuse in the mirror.

About a minute later, the color on the high-level smart chip began to fade, returning to the appearance of a transparent lens.

At the same time, the light from the three lamps slowly disappeared.

The gem cat watched eagerly.

“Alright!” Dean Hao chuckled and said, “Next, it’s time to assemble it and the Hundred Transformations Stone with an adaptability device.”

When Shi Yu heard that, he nodded and took out the Cube-like Hundred Transformations Stone.

The Hundred Transformations Stone wasn’t big, but it was made of 27 small cubes. It was like a Rubik’s Cube, and the middle could be turned like the Rubik’s Cube.

Depending on the attributes, its color was also different. For example, the wind-element Hundred Transformations Stone was white with a weak green halo.

As for the adaptability device, it was very similar to a high-level smart chip. If the high-level smart chip was like a hard transparent lens, then the adaptability device was a pile of transparent stickers.

Although it looked simple, Shi Yu and the others had used their super vision to carefully observe these mechanical materials. They realized that be it the smart chip or the adaptability device, there were countless dense codes on them. They were very complicated.

“The Hundred Transformations Stone is easy to awaken, easy to assemble, and easy to modify. You only need to paste the adaptive device on both sides of the smart chip, insert it into the Hundred Transformations Stone, and paste the adaptive device on the 54 small faces on the six sides of the Hundred Transformations Stone. Then, you can complete the assembly.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu immediately followed Dean Hao’s instructions. It was indeed simpler than he imagined. As expected of the most user-friendly mechanical material to newbie Mechanics.

Soon, Shi Yu completed the operation.

At the same time.

It was unknown if it was the Hundred Transformations Stone shining, the adaptive device shining, or the three reacting.

A green light instantly enveloped the entire Hundred Transformations Stone. It was very dazzling.

Seeing this, Dean Hao touched his beard and said, “This way, it’s completed.”

“Next, as long as you make physical contact with it and enter a meditative state for more than a minute, you can establish a mental connection with it and set the initial command.”

“After this is completed, it will be completely activated. It will complete the final evolution and become a real life form.”

“In addition, because it’s a high-level intelligent chip, it can have a certain understanding of the world when it just woke up. It has a certain amount of basic knowledge stored inside, like a professional encyclopedia. It can be seen as a super genius with a very good foundation. After that, no matter what you want to teach it, its acceptance can be very fast.”

“Among them, there’s also some basic mechanical knowledge. Even if you know nothing about the mechanical field, it can take better care of itself in the beginning. You don’t have to worry about it getting sick.”

“Of course, it knows a little about everything, but at the moment, it only knows a little about everything. For example, the knowledge in the archeological and Feeding directions is definitely not as rich as the knowledge recorded in your archeological index and Feeding index. Therefore, if you want to carry out subsequent upgrades to its data chip, you can also come to me. This will be faster than learning manually.”

“However, although it has a certain understanding of the world, in essence, it’s still a newborn. Its personality after birth is related to the initial command you designed. This process is also considered ‘early education guidance’.”

Dean Hao explained in detail to Shi Yu.

A moment later, Dean Hao finished speaking.

Shi Yu picked up the Hundred Transformations Stone and thanked him. “Thank you, Dean Hao. I’ll go back and do the final awakening now.”

“Huh?” Dean Hao was stunned and nodded.

“Meow?”

The gem cat was also stunned. It looked at Shi Yu and widened its eyes. “What initial command are you planning to set?”

“Let it wake up before going back.”

Shi Yu refused. How could he let a cat know about such a private matter?

The gem cat was furious. It was certain that Shi Yu was definitely up to no good.

…

After returning to the dormitory of Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu immediately entered the mechanical research institute in the ruins space and shook off the curious gem cat.

In his research institute, Shi Yu sat on a stool and took out the Hundred Transformations Stone.

“Wuu!” “Wu!” “Yi!” “Mi!” “Ning!”