Chapter 432 - Birth Of A Mechanical Pet (2)

After Shi Yu returned, Eleven and the others surrounded the room and muttered and discussed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They all knew that Shi Yu was creating a child inside.

“What do you think?”

After sitting and thinking for a while, Shi Yu opened the door and looked at the pets.

The reason why he returned was also to hear every pet’s opinion.

Shi Yu’s positioning of the sixth pet was an all-round machine.

It could study and was proficient in battle.

It would be best if it could study itself into a battle-type mecha that could accommodate multiple pets.

At that time, he would sit in the driver’s seat, Chi Tong would be a weapon, and it would evolve into a Blue Sea Sprite. He could connect to the sea and the Susu with infinite energy points as energy. Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng would each do their own jobs. Wasn’t this invincible?

Therefore, when setting the initial command, if he could integrate some of Eleven and the others’ ideas… Perhaps everyone could cooperate better in the future.

Apart from that, in terms of daily life, Shi Yu also felt that he lacked a butler and assistant-type pet. He could squeeze in this aspect.

Now… it was equivalent to customization in games.

However, in games, it was about appearance. This was about personality, behavior, and dreams.

“Wuu—”

Outside the door, Eleven was the first to give a suggestion when it saw Shi Yu suddenly poke his head out.

It hoped that the little machine’s personality had elements such as hard work, self-discipline, and diligence.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. Of course, that was not a problem.

Mechanics… As long as they didn’t die, they just had to fight to the death.

“Wu!! (Not afraid to work!!)”

Buggy also gave a suggestion that was similar to Eleven’s.

However, the corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. He kept feeling that something was wrong.

Was it afraid that when it studied mechanical beasts with the little machine, the other party would squeeze him dry by lazing around?

“Yi!! (Knowledge changes fate!)” Baby Ginseng pushed its glasses.

It heard that the new little machine was a genius?

Heh, it looked like it had another assistant.

The genius ginseng looked up at the starry sky.

It had already imagined himself wearing fighter armor and destroying a Bean Bear with each shot.

Shi Yu nodded. Of course.

Machines that couldn’t learn and research themselves weren’t good machines.

“Mi!! (Girl!)” Chi Tong strongly suggested.

“Oh…?” Shi Yu raised his eyebrows. Could this be set?

It seemed like it could?

But why did it have to be a girl!

Was it trying to adjust the level of Yin and Yang in the team?

Of course, this was even less of a problem. Even if Chi Tong didn’t say it, he still planned to do it.

The female voice definitely sounded better than the male voice.

“Ning.” Susu’s thoughts were the simplest.

It hoped that the little machine liked pollution-free energy.

After all, its hometown, the Rainbow Islands, was polluted by the power of the forbidden machinery of the seven islands.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

The Hundred Transformations Stone (Wind) used wind as the main energy source. In the future, when it fused with Susu, it could also use the energy of the sea as a power source with the “Blue Sea Contract” of the Blue Sea Sprite. Wind power and water power were both pollution-free energy sources.

Shi Yu would naturally consider this. Otherwise, it would be bad if Susu and the little machine fought in the team.

“Alright, alright, you guys go train.”

After hearing the pets’ thoughts, Shi Yu chased them away and returned to the research institute.

It began to build a mental connection with the mechanical pet and set up the initial command.

In the bright room, Shi Yu sat in anticipation. He played with the Cube in his hand and closed his eyes to enter a meditative state.

A minute later…

Shi Yu seemed to have entered the virtual online game space of a VR game. His mind was connected to the Hundred Transformations Stone’s machinery, and his surroundings were like a cosmic tunnel. The mechanical Rubik’s Cube filled the sky as it circled around him.

[Firstly… gender, female.]

[Setting: Butler, Assistant, Secretary.]

[As for personality, it’s hardworking, diligent, not afraid to work, likes to study, and has rock-like willpower. It has a very strong sense of responsibility for work and missions…] Shi Yu set it for a few minutes.

[Treat Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu as companions… Admire and worship the most handsome and outstanding ‘Creator Shi Yu’ in the world as an idol…]

Shi Yu coughed dryly.

[The dream is, or rather, the main storyline is to become the most powerful all-purpose machine and assist Beast Tamer Shi Yu and his companions in becoming stronger.]

Shi Yu kept customizing the machinery in the spiritual space. The initial setting of the little machinery was being perfected bit by bit.

In the room, Shi Yu held the Hundred Transformations Stone and muttered.

Outside the house, Eleven and the others looked at each other. Why didn’t they come out yet?

Obviously, none of them went to train. They were all waiting for the results.

After a long time…

[Completed!]

After customizing for a long time, Shi Yu finally exited the mental connection state.

At this moment, the high-level smart chip was completely activated.

The nine squares on one of the six sides of the Hundred Transformations Stone directly transformed into a smooth mirror, just like a cell phone screen!

At the same time, because it was a high-level smart chip with a human language, the Hundred Transformations Stone directly said its first words in a human voice.

At this moment, the Hundred Transformations Stone Machine was like a smartphone. One side of the screen lit up, and a virtual profile picture that was automatically synthesized according to the existing information and Shi Yu’s settings appeared on the cube’s screen.

It was a girl about ten years old with long white hair, a chibi type. Her long hair was tied into a ponytail at the back of her head and naturally hung down. There was a stray bouncy strand of hair at the top of its head. It slowly opened its eyes and let out a clear, experienced, and pleasant female voice. “Are you… my master?”