Chapter 436 - Master, Increase Points (2)

“Why three months?” Shi Yu asked.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Because three months later is the start of the new Mechanical Conference in Dong Huang. If you can successfully develop an ancient phantom machine, Master can consider whether to participate in this conference. If you can win the championship, it will be very helpful in researching the more difficult ‘Fusion Mecha’ and ‘Mythical Seed Machinery’.” Ling analyzed. “The Mechanical Conference is the same as the Feeding Conference and the National League. There are records in my initial information, but Master, you didn’t notice.”

“Machinery Conference?” Shi Yu was stunned. Then, his expression gradually became happy. “There’s such a conference? All the best.”

“Let’s take the championship back first. At that time, we’ll get a mechanical index of the fourth bureau. It’ll indeed be easier for you to level up yourself.”

In his archeological index and Feeding index, there was various high-end archeological information about Dong Huang. In theory, the fourth index should have mechanical information, right?

“Yes.” Ling nodded.

In Ling’s current research difficulty judgment, the ancient mechanical phantom beast was the easiest to study. The difficulty of the entire team’s fused mecha followed closely behind. The hardest was to modify himself into a Mythical phantom beast machinery.

“I’ll work hard, but please meditate hard, Master. If you can contract me, my learning, calculations, and research ability can still increase again,” Ling urged.

“Alright, alright. Tell me if you have any needs in mechanical materials and mechanical knowledge. I’ll help you buy materials and find teaching materials,” Shi Yu said.

“(✿◡‿◡) Alright.”

“At the moment, the basic mechanical theory knowledge is enough. All mechanical systems can’t do without the foundation. There shouldn’t be any mechanical theory information about mechanical phantom beasts now, so there’s not much need for other mechanical knowledge at the moment. What I need to do now is to design a new mechanical system, but during this period, I might need the help of Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu.”

After reaching the maximum level of high-level intelligence and being updated on Eleven and the others’ information, Ling no longer found Eleven and the others’ situation that difficult to understand.

Among them, Eleven was the armory, the illusions of Buggy, Baby Ginseng’s time fruit and the Fruit of Life, Chi Tong’s soul exchange ability, and Susu’s mental cleansing ability, Ling felt that they might be of help during the research of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, so it needed the support of its teammates.

“Alright!”

At this moment, Shi Yu was very relieved.

Sure.

The mechanical phantom beast project could finally make progress. If it went smoothly in three months, it might even get first place. Moreover, he didn’t have to worry about it. Great.

He should have done this long ago. It looked like his capitalist skills had yet to reach Dao Proficiency.

“Master, it’s time to meditate.”

“…” Shi Yu.

Shi Yu: _( ́ཀ`」∠)_

“Principal Feng is looking for me for something. Meditate… I’ll definitely do it tomorrow.”

“The mission list has been updated. Today’s meditation mission has been reasonably assigned to the next three working days.”

Shi Yu: “Ah…”

….

Principal Feng was indeed looking for Shi Yu.

To be precise, Principal Feng and the gem cat were looking for Shi Yu.

“Sigh, Teacher Ying, why do I feel that this is a little inappropriate?”

Principal Feng looked old.

At the moment, Ancient Capital University only had two legendary resources. They were the school’s cornerstone treasures.

This time, the gem cat applied with the might of a new totem and its old veteran experience.

With Principal Feng and the totem cat working together, their right to speak was indeed not something the core higher-ups of Ancient Capital University could compare to.

With one slap, the assets of Ancient Capital University were all gone.

“How could that be? Those two legendary resources are useless. Resources are good resources only when used. When Shi Yu and Qingyi grow up, it’s all worth it,” the gem cat said confidently.

Principal Feng had a strange expression. As a guardian overlord, this cat directly emptied Ancient Capital University right after breaking through. There was no one else.

However, after being bewitched by the gem cat, Principal Feng still subconsciously stood on the gem cat’s side.

The reason was very simple. The gem cat was applying for legendary resources for Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi, the two most outstanding students of Ancient Capital University in recent decades. Principal Feng also thought quite highly of these two, so he supported them.

Otherwise, just him and the gem cat alone definitely couldn’t decide the ownership of the school’s cornerstone treasure. Of course, the most important factor was that the gem cat had advanced to a totem. Not to mention two legendary resources, even five of them couldn’t compare to a totem in its peak state.

“Cough, this is all for the good of Ancient Capital University,” the gem cat confirmed again. It wouldn’t say that this was the best way to protect its gems.

However, it was indeed useless to just collect these legendary resources. It was better to give them to new generation Beast Tamers with potential.

At the start, Ancient Capital University collected a total of three legendary resources.

The three legendary resources came from the mystic realm of the Undead Battlefield.

A hundred years ago, under the dual effects of the Undying Dark Phoenix Rampage and the appearance of the mystic realm in the totem era, an undead disaster occurred. Although this disaster caused huge losses to the Ancient Capital, the Ancient Capital also obtained countless treasures in the mystic realm. These three legendary resources were part of the treasures obtained by the Ancient Capital University.

One of the undead gemstones was used by the gem cat itself. It was a waste…

The remaining two were also legendary resources of the undead element. The gem cat had calculated them and planned to hand one of them to Shi Yu.

In its opinion, this resource was very suitable for Shi Yu’s Little Chi Tong. It would definitely be useful.

< Name > Bone Sword

[Attributes]: Undead

[Level]: Level 9 (Legendary-level)

< Introduction > The Sword of the Dead can revive the life it killed in the form of an undead and control its will.