Chapter 438 - Another Great Harvest And Shi Yu'S Ambition (1)

Shi Yu recalled the owner of the Awakening Mirror, Yue Maiden.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The other party was undoubtedly also an expert of the totem era.

Stealing the Beast Taming Talent of other Beast Tamers was too much…

Although he was curious about the totem era, Shi Yu was also quite glad. Fortunately, he didn’t transmigrate to the totem era at the start and instead transmigrated to the modern era. Otherwise, his days would be bitter. He wouldn’t even be able to play with his cell phone, let alone his mecha.

“Thank you.”

Shi Yu put away the bone sword and laughed. “Ancient Capital University will always be my home.”

Principal Feng and the gem cat sighed.

This was what it felt like to be a mother.

“Although it’s about the same for me,” the gem cat muttered in its heart.

“Principal Feng, Teacher Ying, is there anything else? If not, I’ll go meditate first.”

It was better to do the meditation mission today. Otherwise, it would be even more uncomfortable to distribute it tomorrow and the day after.

“Yes, don’t worry. There’s still a bunch of things.”

Principal Feng rubbed his head and said, “There are still a few things for you.”

He took out two identification documents and a data chip from his ruins space.

“Official member ID of the first bureau.”

“The data chip of the first index.”

“Although the legendary resources have yet to be approved, you’re already a member of the first bureau.”

The gem cat raised its head. If one befriended a totem guardian and had the ability to make a totem guardian take action could enter the first bureau.

Now, it was basically no problem for Shi Yu to let Ice Dragon and Gem Cat take action, so he naturally obtained the documents for the first bureau.

Shi Yu was already immune to the handsome photos on the documents. At this moment, he was more curious about the difference between the data chip of the first bureau and the information contained in the third and eleventh bureau.

The third bureau’s feed index recorded various cultivation information. Bureau 11’s index recorded various archeological information. Then, what about the first bureau?

“Could it be that various secret skills are recorded on this?” Shi Yu picked up the chip in deep thought.

“How is that possible!” Principal Feng said.

“On this, it records the information on the known totem-level creatures in the world gathered by Dong Huang. Be it friend or foe, including the totems in the totem area, the totem information of the other six countries can be found. Because generally speaking, when it’s up to the members of the first bureau, the incident will basically involve totems.”

Shi Yu nodded. So that was the case.

However, it didn’t feel as useful as the third and eleventh index…

Forget it, with this, he would know which totem was easy to bully in the future. He would have to avoid whichever totem he saw. It was alright.

“What’s this?” Shi Yu looked at another certificate curiously.

He picked it up and took a look. So it was an identification card from the Environmental Protection Department. Boring.

“This certificate is special. Unlike the one General Xiao Qin and the others have obtained, the rights they can exercise are equivalent to the members of the other 13 divisions of Dong Huang. They can prioritize using and developing ocean resources. If necessary, they can mobilize the legendary power of the navy, the navy’s military weapon.”

“Of course, you’re the only one who has this certificate at the moment. As for whether the Marine Environmental Protection Department can become Bureau 14 of Dong Huang, it depends on the subsequent development. After all, you’re the only one qualified to have this certificate. It’s very difficult to establish Bureau 14 alone.”

Principal Feng had a strange expression. There was no one else.

Shi Yu now had a bunch of titles. He was afraid just looking at him!

Was he trying to gather Bureau 14 documents and summon a mechanical legend?

“This is good!” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up as he put away his Environmental Protection Department identification documents.

In the next moment, he was stunned. “There’s more?”

“There’s more.”

Principal Feng continued to take out three resources.

“Although the legendary resources have yet to be approved, these few water-element resources came with the Environmental Protection Department documents. Didn’t you say last time that you wanted high-quality water-element resources for the Blue Sea Sprite to use?”

“This is the first batch selected to be suitable.”

Shi Yu immediately looked over.

They were respectively level-two, level-six, and level-seven resources.

Although the energy levels were different, the most important thing was their quality.

Their predecessors were all legendary-level resources.

Principal Feng pointed at one of the water-blue elemental cores and said,

“During a certain period in ancient times, because of the eruption of an underwater volcano, the eastern hemisphere encountered an unprecedented super tsunami. Moreover, the tsunami obtained life and became an elemental life form. It was born as a totem. At that time, it wreaked havoc in the east, but just as it was about to encounter the Dong Huang Continent, it was jointly killed by land creatures.”

“This is its elemental core. Because it contains a powerful wave power, it’s also called the Sea Wave Stone. However, because it’s been too long, many creatures might have fought and used the Sea Wave Stone. Now, its energy level has fallen to level two.”

“However, although it no longer contains powerful water-element power, the branded wave super profundity is worth comprehending for water-element pets.”

Then, Principal Feng continued to point at another fist-sized dark blue meteorite and said,

“Water-element planet. In ancient times, a meteorite containing water-element power fell on Blue Planet. Generally speaking, when a meteorite falls here, unless it’s especially large, it’s very rare for it to pass the high temperature test of the atmosphere. However, this water-element meteorite is very special. It’s not big, but due to its special structure, it’s not afraid of high temperatures and successfully fell in a certain place in Dong Huang.”

“It’s also very special. In the beginning, it was a legendary-level resource. It fell to level six because of time. Its effect is to contain the power of a ‘star’. When you hold this meteorite, the water-type pet can feel the natural power of the water-type from outer space. It’s very magical.”