Chapter 448 - Mad Replication Skill (3)

These two skills were not difficult to find in the ancient capital.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Among them, the Nether Cold Fire was mainly for the sake of cooperating with Chi Tong to use the “Gemini Silver Armor” to train the proficiency of the Interlocking Sword. Before the armor was used up, there was no hurry to strengthen Chi Tong with the legendary resource, the bone sword. After all, it had just absorbed a level-eight resource and needed to continue digesting it.

Apart from that, Susu also began to devour the tsunami sprite’s elemental core, water-element star, memory crystal, Ice Dragon Whiskers, and a pile of idle Ice Dragon badges. It slept and digested them. It would probably sleep for a while. If there were no special circumstances, Shi Yu didn’t plan to wake it up. As for assisting Ling, it was enough to have the water-element clone it created with the control of the water-element.

After it completely digested it, its race level could probably be strengthened to middle or high-level overlord. Even if it didn’t accept the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance, it could be much stronger.

As Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu began to strengthen to different degrees in succession, with even the sixth Ling starting to study the “mythical domain”. Buggy began to panic.

Therefore, this time, Shi Yu’s first destination was Insect Border City. He wanted to find the ultimate skill to make Buggy feel at ease. Of course, although they would feel at ease, he definitely couldn’t teach it in the short term. He would definitely prioritize low-level skills to teach when Susu was sleeping and couldn’t help with the burden.

…

Two days later.

Insect Border City.

In the White Twilight Mountain Range filled with ferocious bugs, a young man in a dark red exploration suit and a blue butterfly appeared.

After two days of searching, Shi Yu locked onto one of the kings of the Baimu Mountain Range, the Six-Winged Ghost King Mosquito.

Buggy sighed at how difficult it was. It was clearly a pretty butterfly, but it had been swept up by the team to learn the skills of mosquitoes.

However, this move was not exclusive to the mosquito beast.

Among the butterfly-type creatures, Legend Hua’s ‘Hundred Flower Goddess Butterfly’ had actually mastered this skill, but Shi Yu didn’t want to touch Legend Hua’s pet. It was too troublesome to find an opportunity, so he came to find the easier Six-Winged Ghost King Mosquito.

To be honest, this guy had quite a lot of underlings. It was very good at hiding. The millions of mosquito beasts all over the mountain were its cover. Fortunately, Shi Yu and the others had max-level deterrence and mosquito repellent perfume. Otherwise, it would probably be difficult to find the Mosquito King’s nest.

[Replication successful]

As he replicated the ultimate absorption of the Six-Winged Ghost King Mosquito, Shi Yu was in no hurry to teach Buggy. Instead, he continued to run to the next destination, planning to wait until Susu woke up.

During this period, he was upgrading Baby Ginseng’s Earth Escape and Chi Tong’s Nether Cold Fire skill proficiency.

Two days later.

Shi Yu touched the high-level skill “Tempering Steel” on the Golden Flame Beast in the deep mountains of Spirit Capital.

He also replicated the high-level skill “Protection Flame” on an elemental creature from a local fire mountain. This skill was similar to Protection Water. It was the same type and was prepared for Chi Tong.

Chi Tong had gathered a total of 18 defensive and protective skills that theoretically matched it. Shi Yu felt a headache coming on. It was impossible for him to find all of them for Chi Tong…

Defensive and protective skills were not what Chi Tong thought at all. The more the better. Firstly, many skills were conflicting. Secondly, using them consumed time and energy. In Shi Yu’s opinion, he just had to find one or two that were more cost-effective. For example, the Flame of Protection could defend against everything. It was still automatic, so it was easier.

Therefore, after discussing with Chi Tong, Shi Yu planned to replicate a few defensive and protective skills with higher cost-effective ratios.

A week after Shi Yu left the ancient capital.

Shi Yu had separately touched the two high-level skills “Iron Bones” and “Overlord Body Armor” among the pet beasts in the Demon Capital.

Even if these high-level skills were very rare, finding and touching them was very easy for the current Shi Yu.

Unlike the Shi Yu when he had just transmigrated, even if he only wanted to replicate a mere healing skill, he had to hurt himself and find an opportunity first.

However, although things were smooth, Shi Yu was quickly stumped by the most important skill that needed to be replicated.

< Name > Undying Golden Body

[Attributes]: Metal

< Introduction > It’s a super metal-element skill that transforms the body into an Undying Golden Body. When injured, it can transform the damage into life force to heal injuries.

This skill, like Inner Power, was a top-notch skill among metal-element skills. It was very rare, and there were very few metal-element pets that mastered it.

It was said that when trained to the transcendent level, one could achieve an effect where the incoming damage matched the recovery. Unless it was insta-killed or killed through special methods, it was an immortal existence.

In Shi Yu’s investigation, no Beast Tamer’s pet in Dong Huang had mastered this skill.

Among the wild ferocious beasts, there were only three races that had mastered the Undying Golden Body.

First, the Destructive Divine Mammoth.

This was a beast of a totem country around Dong Huang, a totem-level divine elephant who had mastered the transcendent Undying Golden Body. Therefore, totems that could survive the totem battle were all old immortals with super trump cards.

Shi Yu definitely couldn’t go to the totem country. Even if he brought the cat along, it was too hard. The power of the cat’s little skill was still passable when it came to fighting the weak Vortex Demon Beast. To fight the Destructive Divine Mammoth, which had mastered the transcendent Undying Golden Body and had astonishing strength and defense, it would be like giving it a massage. The damage they could deal wouldn’t even be higher than the recovery amount.

It was too dangerous. Even if the cat had Instant Transmission, running after touching it was still life-threatening…

Second, the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow.

This was a creature of a middle-level overlord race. At the same time, it had the bloodline of a dragon and phoenix. It was very powerful. However, this thing didn’t exist in Dong Huang at all.