Chapter 440 - Another Great Harvest And Shi Yu'S Ambition (3)

“Qingyi… not yet.” Principal Feng shook his head and said, “We have to wait for her to come out before giving her that legendary resource… After strengthening that courtyard sprite, maybe it can help her.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Among the six pets Lu Qingyi contracted, the newly contracted Courtyard Sprite didn’t have the Mythical Revival skill. It was the weakest, but if it had the school treasure of Ancient Capital University, it might be able to become a short-term trump card.

“Why are you looking for Qingyi?” Principal Feng asked in anticipation.

Could it be that Shi Yu…

“Well, I feel that my strength is enough. I want to challenge Senior Lu.”

“It’s alright, it’s alright. Aren’t you in a hurry to leave? Hurry up and leave,” Principal Feng said with a raise of his eyebrows.

“Ah… tell me when Senior Lu leaves seclusion…” Shi Yu said.

He would defeat Senior Lu, replicate a skill, and increase his ranking in the wave ranking competition. He just didn’t know if he could defeat her…

…

After making a trip to Principal Feng, Shi Yu had a huge harvest of resources again.

After returning, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief.

He began to prepare the “strengthening plan”.

For the sake of the Sequence battle, Senior Lu was charging at the Legendary level. That was because her Beast Taming Space had already reached level six. Her pet’s strength was not weak either, and she even had the legendary ruins space to carry with her to assist in her cultivation.

As for Shi Yu’s strength strengthening plan, it had to be combined with his own situation.

Next was summer break. He planned to take advantage of these two months to travel the entire Dong Huang and go to various places to replicate some low-level top-notch skills. At the same time, he would upgrade some super skills.

After returning, he would let the gem cat bring Chi Tong and Susu to the Undead Battlefield to train. At that time, he would also stay in Ancient Capital University and concentrate on meditation to break through to level six in the Beast Taming Space.

The skills to replicate, such as Baby Ginseng’s Earth Escape and the strengthening buff skills chosen by Chi Tong, had to be replicated.

Apart from that, Susu didn’t need to replicate skills. It just needed to devour. However, a new batch of top-grade water-element resources had just arrived. If it swallowed them, it would probably sleep for a long time. Also, Shi Yu was prepared to let Susu devour resources like the Ice Dragon Whiskers and the Ice Dragon Badge to prepare for teaching the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy skill.

He hoped that after the trip ended, Susu could finish digesting it.

Of course, Eleven and Buggy weren’t without benefits on this national trip.

It could even be said that this national trip to replicate skills was prepared for Eleven and Buggy. It was prepared to make up for their shortcomings. They were the core of this cultivation.

For example, Shi Yu had carefully chosen four skills for Eleven. It needed to go to various places in Dong Huang to find corresponding ferocious beasts to replicate. It might not necessarily be able to find them in the ancient capital.

The four skills chosen for Eleven were three high-level and one super-level.

Reinforced Iron Bones: High-level skill, metal-element. It can increase the physique by taking a beating. It is a slow accumulation and permanent increase. The upper limit of the increase depends on the skill proficiency.

Tempered Steel: High-level skill, metal-element. It can obtain the ability to temper the body with fire. Using fire to strengthen the body is also a permanent increase, similar to the former.

Overlord Body Armor: High-level skill, metal-element. It can create a layer of armor. The armor can easily exceed the limit and accumulate damage, preventing external damage from affecting the pet’s own movements. However, after the armor reaches the upper limit of its endurance, the damage will be applied to the pet in one go.

Also, a super metal-element skill that could transform the damage it suffered into vitality to recover from injuries.

Shi Yu didn’t know if he could successfully find these four skills, but he had to go.

In his opinion, was the Nine Li Battle Beast strong? Strong.

However, every skill of the Nine Li Battle Beast belonged to the extreme explosive type. It was too harmful to the body. Emperor Wu’s body was not good as well. Apart from Yun An’s incurable injuries, Shi Yu estimated that it was also related to the pile of self-mutilating skills of the Nine Li Battle Beast…

Zhong Xuan had also mentioned this. Giant Transformation, Inner Power, Impregnable, and Lightning Rod could easily overload one’s body. Even skills like Space Quake and the spatial rebound would put a certain burden on the Nine Li Battle Beast that wasn’t spatial element in the first place.

As for the Iron-eating Beasts, they weren’t the kind of race that was good at healing skills. Although they were ruthless, they were also injured.

Therefore, Shi Yu prepared to nurture a completely different Nine Li Battle Beast. It could transform the damage it suffered into vitality, a ferocious Panda King with the strongest physique. Of course, the premise was that he could successfully find the super rare super skill recorded in the index…

This way, it was easy for Eleven to surpass Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast.

As for Buggy… To be honest, although it had the Imagination Skill to make up for its racial shortcomings and increase its endurance, Shi Yu felt that it was not enough.

Therefore, Shi Yu targeted a bug-type super skill.

Ultimate Absorption.

This bug-element super skill could absorb the enemy’s life force and energy points through attack to recover its injuries and physical fitness.

If Buggy could learn this skill and form a combination skill of “Ultimate Absorption” and “Illusionary Phantom” with the support of high proficiency…

In that case, under the configuration of its “Instant Transmission” and “Ethereal Concealment”, Buggy could let the endless illusions attack the enemy. At the same time, it could also recover its health and mana, allowing Buggy’s racial advantage to be displayed.

If everything went smoothly, even if Eleven, Buggy, and the others didn’t reach the overlord level, they would probably have the strength to resist the overlord level for a short period of time. They would purely rely on various disgusting skills to fight head-on!

This was Shi Yu’s ambition. He wanted Eleven and the others to be able to rely on their skill advantage to fight and crush overlords at the monarch level.

However, there were drawbacks to Shi Yu’s cultivation of Eleven and Buggy.

That was, it was easier for them to make the next team meeting… even more complicated.

“There are a lot of places to go to to replicate these skills, but it’s just fine. I can also travel around Dong Huang. After transmigrating for so long, I haven’t been to many places,” Shi Yu thought to himself.

And before leaving… It was time for Eleven to try absorbing the meteorite fragment.

…

At the same time.

As the National League ended and the vocation assessment approached, Beast Tamers from all over the country began to head to big cities with vocation assessment aptitude.

Among them, countless genius rookies were gathered in the nine first-level cities.

At the Ancient Capital Airport.

On the flight from Wu Ling City to Ancient Capital, a Beast Tamer trainee walked down the plane. He took a deep breath and looked in the direction of Ancient Capital University.

If Shi Yu were here, he would definitely be able to recognize this youth. It was surprisingly An Chang, who had given him his family heirloom, the Awakening Mirror. He was also the one who had successfully evolved the Dragon Carp into a sea dragon with Shi Yu’s help.

“I wonder if I can see him…” An Chang was nervous.

After all, he was just a small figure, while Shi Yu…

Although he knew that Shi Yu was very powerful, he didn’t expect Shi Yu to be so powerful. He had seen the National League. Shi Yu was simply a god who had descended into the mortal world. This made An Chang, who already regarded Shi Yu as his idol and benefactor, worship Shi Yu even more. Apart from participating in the vocation assessment and seeing the Ancient Capital University he was about to enter, An Chang’s main goal this time was to find Shi Yu.