Chapter 444 - An Chang'S Family Treasure (3)

This scene completely stunned Shi Yu.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A moment later, Shi Yu woke up. His pupils constricted as he looked at the transparent glass bead in his hand.

He had just… entered a listening state again?

Wait a minute, that old woman just now… Could it be the Yue Maiden who mastered the “plunder talent” mentioned by Senior Lu?

“Senior Shi Yu.” At this moment, when he saw Shi Yu suddenly staring at the transparent glass bead in a daze, An Chang asked nervously, “What’s wrong?”

“This thing… Is there a problem?”

Shi Yu remained silent. He looked at the Talent Bead and then at An Chang.

“Yes.”

“This is indeed a treasure.”

If he wasn’t wrong, this Talent Bead was similar to the Awakening Mirror. It contained a certain “talent ability”.

If the Awakening Mirror contained awakening abilities, then the Talent Bead was the “predatory ability” of the Yue Maiden.

He could plunder skills from ferocious beasts and transform the Talent Pearl into a skill toy… Of course, this ability was definitely extremely useless to Shi Yu because he had the skill index and could replicate skills casually. As for this Talent Pearl, it looked like a one-time toy no matter how one looked at it. Otherwise, the Yue Maiden wouldn’t have taken out so much for children.

However, from the description of the Yue Maiden, the “Talent Bead” could also plunder the Beast Taming Talent of other Beast Tamers!

This was an ability that Shi Yu’s skill index didn’t have.

If it only plundered talents like “Attributes Strengthening” and modified the Talent Bead into an attribute strengthening tool, it naturally wouldn’t be very useful.

But if he used the Talent Bead to plunder some extremely precious talents, such as awakening talents, the value would be great.

Therefore, An Chang’s father was right when he said that this was a treasure that could not be abandoned.

As long as he found the right target, its value might even be greater than Shi Yu’s Awakening Mirror.

“Re-really?” An Chang was stunned.

“Yeah, but if we maximize its value, it’s also a lethal weapon… It can’t be used casually in Dong Huang.” Shi Yu was silent. This was a man-eating treasure.

Stealing the Beast Taming Talent of a dying Beast Tamer was no different from killing him.

Unless that person was about to die of old age or was on the verge of death due to certain circumstances and was willing to donate his talent.

And if someone created plundering conditions and had a target, that would be hunting people.

“Then I have no choice but to leave it in your care, Senior Shi Yu,” An Chang said. “Sorry to trouble you.”

Shi Yu looked at An Chang and said, “You really plan to give this to me?”

Shi Yu was indeed tempted. The real use of this thing was not to plunder the skills of ferocious beasts, but to plunder even more strange Beast Taming Talents. Although there might only be one chance, if the plundering was right, its value was even greater than the Awakening Mirror.

In Dong Huang, there was probably no longer a stage for the Talent Bead to display its potential. However, if it went out of the country, especially on a stage like the World Tournament where one had to fight the totem clans, the Talent Bead might be able to gain a lot. When it came to that side, there were probably many top-notch Beast Taming Talents.

“Yes.”

Shi Yu was silent and said, “The value of this thing is indeed extraordinary. It’s not an ordinary ancient item. It might involve a legendary Beast Tamer from the totem era. Its value is extraordinary. If you pass this to me, according to the rules, you can ask for a certain reward. Do you have any needs?”

The ownership of the family heirlooms belonged to the individual, but if he took the initiative to hand it over to the archeological Association, he would receive a certain reward. The right of Bureau 11 was above the archeological Association. All the highest management rights of ancient artifacts and ruins in Dong Huang were on Bureau 11. Therefore, it was no different for An Chang to hand the Talent Bead to the country. Bureau 11 was the highest representative of Dong Huang in the archeological field. There was no higher level.

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, An Chang immediately stammered. To be honest, he had sent this purely to thank Shi Yu. However, when he heard Shi Yu’s words, he couldn’t help but be tempted. That was human nature.

“Can I really mention it…”

Shi Yu thought to himself how un-shameless this kid was. If it were him, he would have long asked for a lot.

“Of course,” Shi Yu said.

“I haven’t contracted a second pet…”

“So, you want a top-notch pet? That’s simple.”

“It might be difficult for overlord races, but you can choose any monarch race.”

“No… I actually already have a goal. The second pet, I want to contract a Green Silkworm or an Iron-eating Beast,” An Chang said. “So… What I want is to acknowledge you as my master!!”

“I want to be a Beast Tamer as outstanding as Senior Shi Yu.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Damn, Shi Yu didn’t expect this guy to become his fan.

What was there to contract between the Green Silkworm and the Iron-eating Beast? It was just rotten fish and shrimp. Were the Iron-eating Beast and the Green Silkworm strong? No, it was money that was strong.

“This…” Shi Yu immediately fell into deep thought.

“Can I?” An Chang said nervously.

Shi Yu :”…”

If he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have said so much.

It was troublesome.

“You’re about my age. I don’t have much teaching experience either. It might delay you. If you want to take me as your master, I can recommend you to other Beast Tamers, even legendary Beast Tamers.”

An Chang shook his head and said, “I still want to become a Beast Tamer as outstanding as you.”

“Of course, it doesn’t matter if it’s not okay…”

In his eyes, Shi Yu was indeed much stronger than ordinary legendary Beast Tamers.

Could a legendary Beast Tamer contract five overlord species pets? Could a legendary Beast Tamer be proficient in battle, archeology, and feeding in three fields at the same time?

Moreover, Shi Yu was his benefactor.

Most importantly, Shi Yu from the National League was too handsome. He also wanted to do what he did in the National League one day…

Moreover, he really wanted to contract the Iron-eating Beast. After hearing that the Iron-eating Beast was also a trump card of Emperor Wu, his Fusion Talent was immediately tempted. In terms of nurturing the Iron-eating Beast, Shi Yu was undoubtedly the most powerful Beast Tamer in Dong Huang. Even Titled Legends couldn’t compare.

Shi Yu :”…”

“How about this? There’s no need to become a disciple. If you really plan to nurture Iron-eating Beasts and Green Silkworms, I can teach you the cultivation experience, and even the cultivation experience of the Sea Dragon.”

“Alright.” An Chang smiled when he heard that. He was already very satisfied.

At the same time, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, this child didn’t go through hell insisting to become a disciple. Otherwise, it would be really difficult.

“Eh, wait.”

“Speaking of which, can I enter the Education Bureau of Principal Feng and Director Zhong if I nurture a legendary Beast Tamer?” Shi Yu suddenly fell into deep thought and muttered to himself.

Soon, he shook his head. He wasn’t a legend yet. How long would it take to teach a legend…

However, since he had already promised An Chang to guide him… Shi Yu thought for a moment and immediately had an idea.

He had yet to contract the Iron-eating Beast and the Green Silkworm. He should put them aside first. As for the Sea Dragon… he could strengthen it.

He had the “Sea Dragon King Scale” and “Level-seven divine dragon blood essence” on his side. They were both top-notch resources. He just happened to have no use for dragon blood. From the looks of it, there was no need to sell it. After diluting it, it seemed to be able to directly allow the Sea Dragon to approach the overlord race. At the same time, it could strengthen An Chang’s physique to the limit of the same level.

“I’ll leave Ancient Capital in a few days, but before I leave, I’ll give you some guidance on the vocation assessment,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll find a place for you to stay at Ancient Capital University later. You can stay at Ancient Capital University these few days.”

“Alright!”

As An Chang replied, Shi Yu looked at the Talent Bead again…

This thing…

If he could really snatch a Beast Taming Talent, he had to investigate what powerful talent it was. It would be best if it was like the Awakening Mirror, a talent that could be very helpful to his foundation. If he used it well, it would be no different from having the third and fourth Beast Taming Talents!