Chapter 446 - Mad Replication Skill (1)

“Besides, there’s still time to prepare.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I heard that because of you, Senior Shi Yu, the vocation assessment of Ancient Capital University this year might be even crueler than the vocation assessment of Demon Capital and Imperial Capital…”

“…It’s not a big problem, not a big problem.”

“Don’t forget, I’ll also teach you the cultivation experience of the sea dragon.” Shi Yu smiled.

“There’s still more than half a month until the Ancient Capital vocation assessment. This period of time is enough for you to undergo a new round of strengthening.”

As Shi Yu spoke, he directly took out a bottle of about 100ml of golden red blood.

“Do you know what this is?”

“This is…” Seeing the blood, An Chang was immediately stunned.

“The blood essence from an overlord-level purebred divine dragon can strengthen your sea dragon’s bloodline, physique, and your own physique.”

“Of course, this is a level-seven resource. You can’t use it directly, but after dilution, it can be used for a long time. It’s completely fine to use it at the monarch level and master level.”

He originally planned to sell all the useless resources through Ancient Capital University before the trip to exchange for money, but from the looks of it, there was no need to sell the dragon blood inside.

The divine dragon blood essence was a top-notch resource to purify the bloodline of dragon-type creatures and strengthen the physique of Beast Tamers and pets. The Sea Dragon King had asked Prime Minister Turtle to send him this bottle of level-seven dragon blood. For Beast Tamers with Fusion Talent and contracted dragon-type creatures, it was definitely the best resource.

“This…” When Shi Yu finished speaking, An Chang’s gaze was shocked. He said in disbelief,” Level-seven divine dragon blood essence? ”

“This, this, this, this is too precious.”

“I can’t accept it.”

Level-seven resources were worth about 100 million. Among them, the price of dragon-element resources was even doubled. In other words, this small bottle of blood essence might be worth hundreds of millions. An Chang couldn’t take it anymore, and his heart thumped.

“It’s indeed quite precious,” Shi Yu muttered in his heart. However, at the moment, An Chang’s previous Awakening Mirror and the Talent Bead were clearly more precious. Shi Yu thought about it and treated it as an unequal exchange. In any case, the resources he was lacking couldn’t be filled with a bottle of dragon blood.

It was better to give it to this kid to make him feel at ease.

This kid was strange. Perhaps there were other family heirlooms waiting for him to appraise… Shi Yu would even believe it if he said that he was the descendant of a Yue Maiden.

“Keep it. You have to know that I definitely won’t let myself take a bad deal.” Shi Yu didn’t give the other party a chance to refuse and confessed.

Under An Chang’s shocked expression, he continued to take out a blue scale.

“This is the scale of friendship of a totem-level creature, the Sea Dragon King. Back then, your Dragon Carp used its power to evolve into a Sea Dragon.”

“I’ll lend it to you for safekeeping now.”

“If your Sea Wyrm has the chance to evolve into a dragon of an overlord race, I can also send you to Dragon Palace City to cultivate.”

Shi Yu took a look at the Sea Dragon King’s scale and decided not to let Susu swallow it. Compared to the other resources he had recently obtained, the Sea Dragon King’s scale was purely dispensable. After all, it wasn’t created by the Sea Dragon King. It didn’t have any special power, so it was better to have the Ice Dragon Badge with the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.

However, it was useless for him and Susu, but it was extraordinary for An Chang. After all, the Sea Dragon evolved through the power of the Sea Dragon. Carrying the Sea Dragon King scale could also subtly change the Sea Dragon bloodline. If An Chang’s talent was good, he could let An Chang take the Sea Dragon King scale and let him accept the guidance of the Sea Dragon King through the channels of the Environmental Protection Department.

Shi Yu thought for a moment. Although he didn’t have the time to take in a disciple, it wasn’t bad to nurture a little brother and help the Marine Environmental Protection Department run errands in the future. At that time, it wouldn’t be impossible to establish Bureau 14!

“This…” An Chang revealed a shocked expression again, shocked by Shi Yu’s actions.

His ears… Did he hear wrongly? Totem-level creature, Sea Dragon King scale??

“And these.”

“Although this sea dragon-shaped pendant is a level-five resource and a consumable, it contains a water dragon phantom inside. At the critical moment, it can be used to protect your life. You can also summon it with your consciousness to guide the sea dragon’s skill training.”

In terms of skill proficiency, Shi Yu got Susu to use the full-level Water Dragon Ball+full-level Water Protection+expert-level Water Element Control. Coupled with Buggy’s Illusory Phantom+Dragon of Imagination+Dragon Might, he made a “Sea Dragon Statue” figurine for them to comprehend. At the same time, it was life-saving equipment. With this, it was basically not dangerous to encounter non-overlord-level creatures.

“And, this bag of beans.”

“It’s a supplement to recover physical fitness and injuries. There are 100 pills. It’s recommended to break it open and use it when you’re at your weakest. Save it.”

Shi Yu had just gotten Baby Ginseng to use the seed to create a bag of divine beans. The effect was better than the divine beans on the market. It was the kind that could strengthen the body’s life foundation without harming the body.

These things could basically make An Chang almost invincible at every level before the master level, laying a very powerful foundation. Even if it were other teachers or legendary Beast Tamers from Ancient Capital University trying to plan a growth path, it was impossible for them to do better than Shi Yu’s growth plan. The resources on his side were too rich.

“I…” At this moment, looking at the table of resources, An Chang was already stunned.

Shi Yu thought that it wouldn’t make sense if this kid couldn’t get first place in the vocation assessment now… Apart from this batch, the personal rewards for the previous National League champions might not necessarily be this rich!

These resources were completely built for an invincible foundation. Back when Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer intern, he didn’t even have such good resources.