Chapter 447 - Mad Replication Skill (2)

“I’ll still be at Ancient Capital University in the next two days. You can look for me if you have any questions, but I’ll be going out for a while. I’ll contact Dean He from the battle department. You can look for him if you have any questions in the future. He’ll definitely be very happy to guide you.” Shi Yu smiled.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After what he did, this An Chang might be the genius with the greatest potential in the battle department of Ancient Capital University in the next four years. Dean He definitely had to guide him like a treasure…

…

After giving the pile of things he didn’t need to An Chang and sending him away, Shi Yu got Buggy to send the rest of the useless things to the gem cat and entrusted it to help exchange them for high-level resources to replenish life energy, such as the Life Water.

Soon, Shi Yu prepared to add some super skills. From his previous experience, teaching super skills was very harmful. Just the nourishment of the ginseng baby might not necessarily be able to do it. Therefore, Shi Yu still needed an additional batch of resources to ensure the endurance of himself and the ginseng baby.

He estimated that it wouldn’t be long before he needed to continue buying the Water of Life given by Dragon Palace City.

About two days later, the gem cat was done. It sent Shi Yu a pile of level-seven life supplements, “Resurrection Grass”.

Of course, apart from the word resurrection in its name, its effect was completely unrelated to revival. It was possible to save a dying person, but it was impossible to revive the dead.

At this moment, apart from some precious resources and a pile of life supplements that could not be sold for the time being, there was completely no useless junk left on Shi Yu.

“You’re so prepared. Where are you going?”

“Don’t tell me we’re going to blow up overlords again?”

“Principal Feng said to watch over you and not let you mess around anymore.”

The gem cat licked its claws and stared at Shi Yu, who was putting away the resources, with a doubtful expression.

“No, I just want to travel around during the summer break. I won’t go abroad.”

“The first stop is the insect border. Are you going?” Shi Yu chuckled.

Insect Border City, a second-level city. Outside the city was the paradise of the insect race. In the forest over there, there were a large number of wild insect-type ferocious beasts. It was a forbidden area for inexperienced Beast Tamers. If they weren’t careful, they would die inside.

However, it was a dangerous place in the country after all. As long as it wasn’t a place where totems that couldn’t be dealt with were sealed, it was no different from a backyard for the current Shi Yu. This was because it was impossible for there to be overlord-level creatures. The highest was at the monarch level, so there was no danger.

The “Ultimate Absorption” skill he wanted to replicate was a bug-type super skill.

It was very difficult to find in the ancient capital.

After some investigation, Shi Yu discovered that there was a famous wild worm king in the insect border who had mastered this skill.

Although there were also Beast Tamers whose pets had mastered it, compared to replicating the skills of wild ferocious beasts, it was too troublesome to find Beast Tamers.

“No, I hate bugs the most.”

“Buggy is very hurt.”

“It’s not considered a bug.”

“Buggy is even more injured. What’s the difference between this and saying to people that you’re not human…”

“Why aren’t you leaving yet!”

“Teacher Ying, the level-eight soul pearl in your treasure vault shouldn’t be especially valuable, right? After all, it can’t be sold for the price of ordinary level-eight resources.”

Gem Cat: “?”

“I don’t want anything else. It’s useless for you to keep this one. In any case, you don’t have to save money to buy legendary resources anymore. Why don’t…”

The gem cat: ???

…

The next day, Shi Yu left the ancient capital.

As for the gem cat’s pearl that sealed the overlord soul of the Undying Race, Shi Yu still obtained it in the end.

This was the spoils of war of the gem cat, the remnant soul of an overlord it had once killed in the Undead Battlefield.

This thing indeed couldn’t be sold for a good price, but it was very useful to Shi Yu.

With the help of the gem cat, Shi Yu let Chi Tong absorb it through Spirit Release.

Chi Tong’s normal energy level directly went from nearly 4 million to 5.51 million, becoming the second in the team.

It also increased the proficiency of the Spirit Release by a lot. It was one step closer to perfect level.

Unfortunately, Chi Tong couldn’t learn any skills.

However, speaking of skills, before going on this trip, Shi Yu had taught Chi Tong a high-level undead skill, Nether Cold Fire. It was currently entry-level.

Although this skill had a mixed name, cold and fire, it was not related to ice and fire. It was a pure undead skill.

It was considered a mutation of the ghost fire. If the ghost fire skill was the death aura that burned the soul, then the Nether Cold Fire was the death aura that froze the soul. It was just that it existed in the form of flames.

The reason why he taught this skill was because Chi Tong’s Interlocking Sword required two conflicting energies to maximize its power.

And judging from Chi Tong’s current accompanying moves, although the Soul Slash skill and Sun Flame skill could barely cooperate, the compatibility was not very good. It was inferior to Eleven’s lightning, Susu’s water-element power, as well as Chi Tong’s original partner, ice-element power. This also caused Chi Tong to not be able to perfectly display the advantage of the Interlocking Skill alone in a one-on-one situation.

Therefore, Shi Yu copied an undead-type skill with the “cold nature” as the core, Nether Cold Fire, to let Chi Tong cooperate with the Sun Flame skill with the “hot” as the core to counter the undead to form the Interlocking Sword. This way, Chi Tong’s individual battle power could be even stronger.

It wasn’t very troublesome to replicate the skill Nether Cold Fire. After all, the ancient capital was the capital of the undead. After letting Buggy search in advance, Shi Yu casually went to the wild area and found a wild undead to replicate the skill. Apart from that, Shi Yu even caught an Earth Mouse on the way and replicated an Earth Escape skill for Baby Ginseng.