Chapter 442 - An Chang'S Family Treasure (1)

What was going on?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and looked at Ling for help.

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets looked at each other.

At this moment, Ling fell into deep thought and analyzed Eleven’s current state.

“It failed…” Ling said.” This situation is recorded in the Feeding index, but it’s very rare. ”

“What’s going on?” Shi Yu quickly asked.

In order to let Ling better customize training plans for Eleven and the others, Shi Yu directly threw the data chips regarding feeding knowledge in the Feeding Index to Ling to learn. It was very difficult to perfectly absorb the intelligence crystals of many feeders in Dong Huang with the learning ability of humans. However, it was different for machinery. Therefore, it was easier for Ling to find the direction of some unorthodox feeding knowledge than Shi Yu.

“This wave-shaped energy rejection phenomenon is because Eleven’s current racial foundation is too strong. The power of this meteorite fragment alone is no longer enough to support it to increase its life level greatly again.”

“What do you mean?”

“In short, its foundation is too strong. If it wants to successfully complete its evolution, it needs more meteorite fragments or other methods to evolve. The evolution method suitable for most ordinary iron-eating beasts is already very weak for it.”

“Its race has already deviated too much from normal iron-eating beasts for some reason… The evolution resources needed might also multiply.”

Eleven : “…”

Ling spoke slowly with a strange expression. That meteorite fragment was a legendary level-eight resource.

Such resources were actually not enough to change Eleven’s current racial attributes and let it evolve in other directions?

As expected, it was a monster.

Eleven showed an innocent expression.

“This…” Shi Yu was stunned when he heard Ling’s words.

Was it a bad thing to have a strong foundation?

Ling’s words were not difficult to understand. Now, Eleven had both metal and lightning attributes. Moreover, the low-level racial skills of these two attributes had been pulled to the maximum level by Shi Yu, and its foundation was incomparably firm. As for the Meteorite Fragment, if Eleven wanted to add new dark attributes and greatly change Eleven’s race in this situation, it had to first have the effect of being stronger than Eleven’s current racial foundation.

But clearly, the power of this meteorite fragment was not enough to change Eleven’s current race.

The other resources like Burning Gold that didn’t change their attributes and forms were still alright. They were only absorbed by Eleven, but the mechanism of the Meteorite Fragment was different. It was a resource that could change Eleven’s attributes and race, so it was immediately rejected by Eleven, who had a strong racial foundation.

“Wu wu wu!!!” Eleven cried. What was going on?

In other words, if it wanted to evolve again, it had to eat more meteorite fragments?

But the problem was, where could he find Yun An? This was even a gift from Zhong Xuan.

“Lin, is there no other way?” Shi Yu looked at Lin.

“Three directions. The first is to continue searching for the meteorite fragments. By devouring a larger number of meteorite fragments, you can complete the traditional evolution path of the iron-eating beast that you discovered in archeology. As long as you collect enough meteorite fragments, you can continue to complete the evolution. Moreover, it will be a stronger super demon that is far stronger than what the super-heavy Xuan acknowledged.”

“Second, give up this evolution path and give up the power of darkness. In the future, it will evolve in other directions and open up a new evolution form.”

“Third, retain this dark power in your body and find other metal evolution materials that can complement the meteorite fragments. Replace a larger number of meteorite fragments and open a new evolution form through the combination reaction of different evolution resources.”

Ling looked at Shi Yu.

As for Shi Yu, he fell into deep thought. Initially, when he threw the news of Yun An to the association, he didn’t pay much attention. He thought that since he couldn’t find it, and since he already had a Yun An fragment, it no longer had much to do with him.

But who would have thought that a meteorite fragment was not enough?

If the Dong Huang Association couldn’t find Yun An and deal with it, Eleven wouldn’t be able to evolve according to the evolution path of the iron-eating beast ruins.

“I suddenly remember.”

Shi Yu was stunned.

Back then, they had asked the Prediction Owl where Eleven’s evolution opportunity was.

The scene predicted by the owl was Eleven fighting an unknown totem, not Zhong Xuan giving treasures and evolving in the ruins.

In other words, if the owl’s premonition was correct, and they were experiencing evolution here, failure was inevitable? If they wanted to evolve, they would eventually fight Yun An and chase after it?

“Ah…” Eleven rubbed its stomach. Although it didn’t evolve successfully, it was full.

“…Eleven, store the power of the Demon God in the source of physical strength first,” Shi Yu said after a moment of silence.

Eleven: “Yes!!”

…

Eleven absorbed the meteorite fragment and became lonely. Apart from its energy level increasing, its skills didn’t awaken, its race form didn’t change, and its attributes didn’t increase. It couldn’t become a rare three-element transcendent creature.

Ling’s three suggestions circulated in Shi Yu’s mind.

One was to continue searching for Yun An according to the evolution method discovered by archeology and complete the evolution, following the path researched by the ancients.

The second was to give up the power of the Demon God and give up this evolution path. He would find an opportunity to study other things.

The third was established because he couldn’t find other meteorite fragments and didn’t want to give up the power of the Demon God in his body.

He needed to find materials that could replace and cooperate with the meteorite fragment to complete the evolution in another way. It was also equivalent to opening a new evolution path.