Chapter 443 - An Chang'S Family Treasure (2)

Shi Yu was a little confused for a moment. He chose to let it go first. He sighed and walked out. Then, he discovered a missed call.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu called back. It was from Senior Bai.

A moment later, Senior Bai’s voice came from the other side. “Shi Yu, where are you now?”

“I just came out of the ruins space. What’s wrong?”

“There’s someone looking for you. Are you free? I’ll give him your dormitory address.”

“Who?” Shi Yu.

“Do you still remember An Chang? You mentioned the person who helped him evolve into a Dragon Carp in Wu Ling City previously. He later joined the Bai family’s dojo and came to the ancient capital to participate in the vocation assessment. Then, he found the Ancient Capital University’s battle club and said that he wanted to see you.”

“Him?” Shi Yu was stunned and immediately thought of who it was.

Back then, when An Chang’s mother was seriously ill, he had no choice but to sell his family heirloom, the Awakening Mirror, to save her life. Shi Yu was the only person who discovered the use of the Awakening Mirror at that time and bought it.

That person had joined Senior Bai’s dojo… That was normal. After all, it was a Fusion Talent and had the pet of a monarch race. It had proper master potential. Only a fool wouldn’t accept it.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t know why this guy was looking for him, but he was fine now, so he casually said, “Let him come over.”

Soon after.

The rather reserved An Chang arrived outside Shi Yu’s dormitory villa and carefully pressed the doorbell.

At this moment, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng were watering the flowers outside. As An Chang arrived, Shi Yu looked over.

“Senior Shi Yu,” An Chang said. “I’m very sorry to disturb you.”

“It’s you. How is it? Is your mother feeling better?” Shi Yu asked.

“Thanks to you, there’s no problem anymore. Thank you very much,” An Chang thanked.

“But from your expression, you seem a little weak?” Shi Yu had a strange expression.

“Cough… Cough, cough.” An Chang said in embarrassment, “Because the race level of the Sea Dragon is too high. Even if I have a Fusion Talent and a very good physique, I often consume too much energy and need to rely on supplements to maintain my state every day. But it’s alright.”

Shi Yu smiled. This was a blessing in disguise. If he was always weakened, his physique would become better.

“I heard from Senior Bai that you seem to want to participate in this vocation assessment and apply to Ancient Capital University, right? In that case, your Beast Taming Space has reached level two, and your pet has also broken through to the transcendent level, right?”

“Yes.” An Chang nodded. This was also thanks to Shi Yu. This was because Shi Yu had evolved its Dragon Carp into a sea dragon of a monarch race. Only then could he become a genius apprentice of the Bai family’s dojo under Dean Bai’s recommendation and receive good training.

At the second level of the Beast Taming Space, it contracted a low-level monarch race, a transcendent-level dragon-type creature. This foundation was already close to Yin Zhengfan back then.

If nothing went wrong, An Chang should be a super rookie in this year’s Ancient Capital assessment.

“You came to find me for something, right?” Shi Yu asked.

An Chang was stunned, then nodded and said, “Thanks to you, I entered the Bai family’s dojo to learn under Dean Bai’s recommendation. During this period, I also heard many of your legendary experiences and knew that you were a very powerful archeologist… Therefore, I want to give you something when I came to the ancient capital!”

With that said, he quickly flipped through his backpack. Under Shi Yu’s surprised expression, he handed over a box containing a transparent glass ball.

“This is also our family’s heirloom. It comes from the totem era, but Father warned us not to sell it. It’s a very important treasure, so we didn’t sell it last time…”

“But it’s a waste to leave this unknown ancient item in our hands. I think that Senior Shi Yu, you’re an archeologist… This antique might be able to play a more meaningful role in your hands and find its use.”

“For me?” Shi Yu subconsciously observed the glass bead and discovered that it was indeed an antique from the totem era. Moreover, it was extremely close to the year of the Awakening Mirror. The difference couldn’t be more than a hundred years.

This discovery, together with An Chang’s words, stunned Shi Yu. At the same time, his heart immediately tightened.

Could it be…

Shi Yu took the glass bead and looked over.

[This… Could it also be a treasure left behind by the Yue Maiden?]

As Shi Yu locked onto the clue, he made a guess.

In the next moment, his brain rumbled.

It triggered the listening state like the last time he saw the Awakening Mirror.

[This is for you.]

In the blurry scene of history, Shi Yu saw the blurry figure of a white-haired old woman.

Although it was an old woman, Shi Yu vaguely felt that he had seen her somewhere before!

In the scene, the old woman took out a bag and distributed the dozens of transparent glass balls in the bag to the group of children in front of her.

[Take it.]

[This is the ‘Talent Bead’ that I created with my talent. As long as I chant an incantation to it, I can use them to extract the abilities of dying ferocious beasts and make them into toys…]

[Of course, using it on a Beast Tamer who’s on the verge of death and can’t resist… is also effective. However, you have to remember to eliminate the roots and not leave any clues.] The old woman smiled kindly.

The scene changed.

“Plunder!”

“Plunder!!”

It was another girl. She held the “Talent Bead” and sealed the skills of the defeated ferocious beasts in the bead, playing happily.

Every bead had been modified into a precious artifact that consumed the user’s physical strength and could release skills.