Chapter 441 - An Chang'S Family Treasure

In the ruins space.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu and Eleven had been waiting for this day for a long time.

The other five pets also ran over to join in the fun.

Now that everything was ready, Shi Yu and the others finally prepared to use the Meteorite Fragment to let Eleven evolve to a higher life level.

In terms of strength and willpower, Eleven was already not weak.

In terms of external forces, Susu had the strongest cleansing power. Baby Ginseng could also increase Susu’s cleansing power through the Time Fruit.

Apart from that, Shi Yu had telepathy. Beast Tamers with talent in telepathy were the least prone to being hypnotized and confused by external forces.

The reason was very simple. This was because this talented Beast Tamer usually had a deeper spiritual and mental connection with his pets than other talented Beast Tamers. It was easier to awaken his pets through contracts.

In terms of data, Susu and Ling analyzed the power of the meteorite fragment together and judged that it wasn’t a big problem for Eleven to overcome its power.

Therefore, with everything prepared, Shi Yu felt that Eleven could already charge forward!

Demon God Panda, charge, charge!

“Wuu!!!” Eleven held the meteorite fragment and roared in anticipation.

At the side, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu were in deep thought.

Eleven was already so strong. Let’s continue strengthening Eleven?

After being first in the team, it was strengthened by the Burning Gold and Yun An fragments one after another. Then, there was the exclusive skill set meal and legendary resources. How could they fight in the future?

“Let’s begin.”

At the same time, as Shi Yu gave the order, Eleven entered a sharp state. The Nine Li Battle Beast form descended. It swallowed the meteorite fragment that emitted the power of the Dark Demon God with ease!!

In the arena, Eleven, who was wearing impressive armor, had extremely deep blue eyes.

As it swallowed the meteorite fragment, its expression quickly changed.

As expected of a legendary-level evolution resource, the reaction of the meteorite fragment was completely different from the previous few times.

Boom!

Just as it swallowed it and before Eleven could start carving inscriptions to digest the power of Yun An, the substantialized dark magic power was like a messy and destructive airflow that immediately lingered on its body, blowing the hair under its armor!

At the same time, Eleven immediately felt that the dark magic power in its body had formed a deer-shaped creature that tried to corrode its spiritual consciousness and the depths of its heart.

In an instant, Eleven almost lost its mind. Its blue eyes were dyed with a trace of violent black mist. Its mind was so confused that the figure in front of it began to blur. Looking at Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, it could no longer see the original appearance. Even Shi Yu looked like a distorted demon in Eleven’s eyes.

“Engrave inscriptions.”

Shi Yu’s voice appeared in the depths of Eleven’s heart.

“Roar!!!”

Eleven immediately roared. Before its willpower was completely corroded, it immediately carved the very deep inscription in its memory into the armor.

Squeak…

As Eleven carved the corresponding inscription, it relied on this method to “quickly absorb” the power of the evolution resource. The dark power brought by the meteorite fragment was first suddenly suppressed, making Eleven more awake. Then, the dark power began to counterattack. Even if Eleven was very strong, there was an extremely terrifying resistance that prevented it from perfectly carving this inscription.

“Roar!!” During the inscription process, Eleven’s eyes began to turn red. It was extremely difficult. Beside him, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, Chi Tong, and Ling swallowed their saliva. Especially Susu, who had been waiting for Shi Yu’s command to cleanse Eleven’s negative emotions at any time.

However, Eleven didn’t seem to need help at all. In all aspects, it had already reached the point of absorbing the meteorite fragment. Although it was difficult, soon, the dark power converted from the meteorite fragment was suppressed in Eleven’s body.

The dark power gradually converged, and Eleven’s aura rose steadily. In a short moment, his physique, energy, spirit, and mind had been baptized by the dark power and strengthened.

“Success?” Seeing this, Shi Yu’s heart immediately tightened.

At this moment, sensing Eleven’s surging power, Buggy and the others watched eagerly, extremely envious.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven also continued to absorb the power of the Demon God that it had suppressed excitedly, trying to do further racial evolution and awaken new super skills.

Boom!

Black evolution light began to spread from its body. Its energy value continued to increase steadily, and in the blink of an eye, it broke through the five million energy mark.

However.

“Wuu?”

Although it was extremely smooth at the start… As the black evolution light spread on Eleven’s body, five seconds passed and ten seconds passed. Eleven was stunned. It actually felt that its body was rejecting the dark power in its body. This newly converted power couldn’t completely integrate into its body and become a part of it to assist it in breaking through the existing level of life.

Shi Yu was also stunned. To be precise, Shi Yu was completely stunned. He looked at the sign in front of him that was no different from “evolution failure”. For a moment, he was a little confused.

“This…”

To be honest, Shi Yu had thought of the possibility of failure, but that probability was established on the basis that the power of the meteorite fragment was too strong and Eleven couldn’t withstand it at all. But now, it didn’t look like Eleven couldn’t withstand the evolution power of the meteorite fragment no matter how he looked at it. It had clearly suppressed it very smoothly.

However, it still failed.

“Huh?” As his body rejected the dark power, Eleven was completely at a loss.

The evolution light on its body also began to dim. It looked at the Beast Tamer for help.