Chapter 445 - Mad Replication Skill

Speaking of which, what exactly were An Chang’s ancestors doing?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There was a big boss among the ancestors…

And a tomb raider?

After putting away An Chang’s two family heirlooms, Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

Something was wrong with this family.

How could a normal person have so many family heirlooms?

Moreover, they were all related to legendary figures from more than 7,000 years ago.

If it was an ordinary family, he wouldn’t believe it even if he was beaten to death.

However, Shi Yu thought that An Chang didn’t know about this himself.

Otherwise, they wouldn’t have empty family heirlooms but not know how to use them.

“Compared to the ‘incantation’ of the Awakening Mirror, the incantation of the Talent Bead is much simpler.”

“From the looks of it, the Awakening Mirror might be a toy made by the Yue Maiden when she was young, so the incantation is more down-to-earth.”

“The Talent Bead is an exclusive special tool developed by the Yue Maiden after she became a powerful Beast Tamer and could involve the source of the Beast Taming Talent.”

Shi Yu looked up at the sky.

Although he didn’t have the time to take in a troublesome disciple, it wasn’t bad to take in so many benefits from the other party.

In fact, Shi Yu had the ability to teach. Even if he taught a legendary Beast Tamer, it wasn’t impossible. However, he found it troublesome.

After all, he still had a bunch of things to learn and really didn’t have the energy to teach others.

However, it was still possible to continuously provide some resources.

He had nothing but resources! Ahem, the resources he created.

Of course, there were also some special resources that he didn’t create himself.

At this moment, Shi Yu found a number and dialed the student dormitory management office.

After the call was made, a middle-aged man’s voice came from the other side. “Who is this?”

“Teacher Zhang Dongsheng?”

“I’m a first-year student of the archeology Department, Shi Yu. I want to ask you for a favor and help a new student settle in in advance. He hasn’t participated in the vocation assessment, but it shouldn’t be a problem for him to enter the school.”

“By the way, his name is An Chang. Can you let him look for you later?”

“Shi, Shi Yu?” After being stunned, the teacher on the other side immediately expressed his understanding. “Alright, no problem. Leave it to me.”

Shi Yu had only met this Teacher Zhang once when he entered school, but this didn’t stop him from knowing him and opening a back door for him.

After hanging up, Shi Yu looked at An Chang and said, “Next, you should look for this Teacher Zhang.”

“After you come back, I’ll prepare something for you.”

“Sorry to trouble you, Senior.” An Chang nodded heavily and admired Shi Yu even more. He was too impressive. He was clearly only a first-year student, but he felt that the school was run by Shi Yu’s family.

…

Next, Shi Yu returned to the dormitory and began to screen resources for An Chang.

It didn’t take long for An Chang to run back excitedly.

It was too big.

The dormitory prepared for students by Ancient Capital University was simply too big. He thought that Shi Yu’s residence was special, but he didn’t expect that any student dormitory was like a villa.

“You’re back?”

At the same time, Shi Yu had already finished. He was sitting in the courtyard happily drinking tea and waiting for An Chang.

“Senior Shi Yu, Teacher Zhang has helped me complete the procedures.”

“Alright, sit first. Have a drink of water.”

“Just now, you said that you want to apply to Ancient Capital University and haven’t contracted a second pet, right?”

“Yes…”

“Then have you thought about what department you want to enter?”

“Battle department.”

“I see…” Shi Yu nodded.

“In addition, you also said that your second pet wants to contract an Iron-eating Beast or a Green Silkworm, right?”

“Yes… But I haven’t thought of which one to contract,” An Chang said. “Senior Shi Yu, do you have any suggestions?”

“Wu…”

“In my opinion, it’s better to contract the Green Silkworm.”

“The growth period of the Iron-eating Beast is too long, and the evolution materials are too complicated. It can’t form battle power in the short term. It’s suitable to return and nurture it after having a certain amount of strength and resources.”

“As for the Green Silkworm, its evolution cycle is fast, and the cultivation difficulty is relatively low.”

“Most importantly, the diversity of evolution can make up for your shortcomings.”

“For example, the evolution form of the spiritual element can make up for your shortcomings in terms of mental strength compared to your weaker physique. If it’s an Iron-eating Beast, it might repeat the positioning of the sea dragon. They both strengthen the physique after fusion.”

“That makes sense.” An Chang nodded.

“Of course, it’s not that easy to nurture a Green Silkworm. To have high evolution potential, the proficiency of the worm silk has to be at least transcendent, right? This is very difficult to nurture with personal strength.”

An Chang smiled bitterly. Transcendent Worm Silk… He felt that it was actually pretty good already to have perfect.

“You have to have goals.”

“The Ancient Capital vocation assessment is in less than a month. It’s not very meaningful for you to contract a second pet now. How about this? If you can obtain the top scholar in this Ancient Capital vocation assessment, which is first place, I’ll apply to Ancient Capital University and give you a Green Silkworm that has mastered the proficiency of the transcendent worm silk. How about that?”

Shi Yu chuckled. As the green cocoon system was born, a large number of feeders surged into the research of the green cocoon. In the past few months, green worms that had mastered the transcendent level of worm silk would be produced a fixed batch for research every once in a while under the consumption of manpower, material resources, and financial resources. It was very simple for him to find one.

“First, first place?” An Chang was shocked.

“Just first place in the vocation assessment. They’re all newbies. It’s not as difficult as you think. You contracted a dragon-type creature of a monarch race, and it’s a Fusion Talent. Although I don’t know the level of the other candidates this year, with your configuration, it shouldn’t be a problem to rank in the top three in our batch. If it were a simpler batch, you would be first place.”