Chapter 449 - Mad Replication Skill (4)

It was a species of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua, and even in the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua, it was an extremely rare overlord. Only legends were qualified to contract it. Shi Yu had nowhere to look now.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But the problem was that this Undying Golden Body was important to Eleven’s battle system…

Third, high-level monarch race, Undying Dragon.

Although this guy was called a dragon, it was actually an earthworm. It was of the earth and metal elements. It lived by living underground and eating metal mineral veins. It rarely appeared on land, so it was very difficult to find. It also mastered the Undying Golden Body skill. Though, in the ancient times of Dong Huang, the Undying Dragon had a record of appearing. It might be Shi Yu’s only chance at the moment.

Therefore, Shi Yu’s method was to help Baby Ginseng maximize its Earth Escape skill. Then, he would go to the place where more earthworm-type transcendent creatures gathered and slowly search.

This kind of creature didn’t live on the surface, so it was difficult to find. However, as long as he aimed his gaze underground, there might be a chance. Shi Yu planned to spend a month searching first. During this period, he wouldn’t be idle. He would first arrange other skills for his pets. He could continue to replicate other rare skills along the way.

If he couldn’t find it no matter what, he could only find an opportunity overseas in the future.

About half a month later.

More than 20 days had passed since Shi Yu left the ancient capital.

At this moment, the vocation assessment was about to be held in the ancient capital. Shi Yu was looking forward to that person’s performance.

However, he had a headache. Although he copied three rare low-level skills on the way and gave them to Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and Chi Tong, he still couldn’t find the Undying Dragon.

This guy had only been discovered twice in more than 2000 years of history recorded by Dong Huang. Clearly, it was a super rare creature, making Shi Yu extremely angry.

At a high-end restaurant in Divine Capital.

After traveling here, Shi Yu, who had put on makeup to avoid being recognized, sighed. He didn’t know when he would be able to find this bastard Undying Dragon.

After ordering delicious food, he took out his cell phone and started browsing the news during the meal.

It had been a while since the end of the National League. The current hot topic was basically the change in ranking in the Sequence Battle, but Shi Yu didn’t participate. He felt that it was more important to increase his strength at the moment. As for ranking, it wasn’t too late to charge in at the end. In any case, it wasn’t time for the settlement of the legendary resources yet.

[Big news!! The fifth-rank ‘Ji Feng’ failed to challenge the fourth-rank ‘Jiang Tianyang’!! The legendary young master has returned!]

“Ji Feng?” Shi Yu was a little surprised to see this news.

The fifth in the sequence, Ji Feng, was a national individual champion. He graduated from Imperial Capital University and was an elite of the Intelligence Bureau. He had the Beast Taming Talent, All Things Affinity, the sixth level of the Beast Taming Space, and a top-notch master. Not only could he be intimate with various ferocious beasts, but he could also be intimate with the power of nature, allowing his pets to mobilize the power more easily.

Back then, Senior Lu lost to this guy in the National League.

However, that was also because Senior Lu had yet to master the Mythical Revival skill at that time. Now, Senior Lu’s strength was already different from before.

But looking at the sequence ranking, Ji Feng’s ranking was still above Senior Lu’s ranking. He was definitely stronger than a few years ago.

It was mainly because this guy’s Beast Taming Talent was very powerful. It was considered a fusion of a special and strengthening talent. It had special effects and could strengthen the pet’s control over natural power. Therefore, every monarch-level pet could display power comparable to an overlord through a large amount of natural power, and it was the kind without side effects. The only thing that limited this guy was the physical consumption of using its talent.

“Fifth…” In the current situation, if he didn’t use the Time Fruit, Shi Yu didn’t have the confidence to defeat this guy. Even if he used the Time Fruit, it was hard to say if he could defeat the other party in a short period of time.

“Did this guy lose?” After seeing the news, Shi Yu opened the details. The one challenged by Ji Feng was a genius legendary Beast Tamer under the age of 30.

The top four of the Sequence battle were all legendary Beast Tamers.

Among them, the legendary noble son, Jiang Tianyang, was the son of a certain financial group leader of one of the five major financial groups of Dong Huang. He was a super rich second-generation heir.

Although he was rich, he kept a low profile and didn’t participate in public competitions. He rarely appeared, but there were rumors that when Jiang Tianyang was still a master-level Beast Tamer, and that the basic energy value of every monarch-level pet was above five million. They were all piled up with strengthening resources.

Only when the other party registered for the Sequence battle did people know that this very low-profile noble son had already reached the legendary level.

Ji Feng vs Jiang Tianyang, a top-notch master and a legend. It was normal for him to lose.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu did not manage to find the battle video.

He scrolled through other hot topics in boredom.

A moment later…

Shi Yu’s pupils constricted as he discovered a sentence that stimulated his nerves.

[Ming Hua’s exchange team has arrived at Dong Huang!!]

[After the World Tournament is confirmed, the Seven Nation Alliance and some totem countries have signed a year-long non-aggression treaty. The focus of both parties is on the preparations for the World Tournament. A certain amount of exchange will be carried out between the seven countries.]

[According to sources, the hundred-man exchange team of the Ancient Ming Hua Nation arrived at Dong Huang a day ago under the lead of a titled legend and two legendary Beast Tamers.]

[Among them…]

“Legendary Beast Tamer of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua, Katavi, represents a battle pet, overlord-level Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow.”

When Shi Yu saw the name of the legend leading the Ming Hua’s exchange team, his expression immediately turned solemn. He immediately recalled the information he had investigated when he was searching for the Undying Golden Body skill.

Damn.

He didn’t find the Undying Dragon, but he found the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow. Shi Yu’s expression was complicated, not knowing if he should be surprised or depressed.

He wanted to go to a forum and ask for help! How could he shatter the legend of the Ancient Ming Hua Nation and touch the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow? It was quite urgent!