Chapter 453 - Birth Of The Mechanical Beast (3)

As expected, relying on pets was the most effective productive force!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If they had done this earlier, they would have gotten a mechanical pet and intelligence level earlier. Perhaps they would have even created forbidden weapons!

Ling: (✿◡‿◡)

“It’s all thanks to Baby Ginseng’s help.”

“Yi. (No, it’s indeed powerful.)” Baby Ginseng sighed. It had already sensed the difference in its learning ability from the mechanical life form.

It would take a long time to finish reading a book, but for the knowledge of a library, the mechanical life form could immediately memorize it as long as it downloaded it!

It made it want to find a smart chip for itself and modify itself into a mechanical Undying Ginseng.

Perhaps it could work? Baby Ginseng fell into deep thought. It would transform itself into a forbidden machine and self-destruct with the Moon Explosion. In any case, it could still be revived and carry out the explosive art to the end.

Shi Yu: “Stop flattering each other…”

“Tell me, how did it do it? What’s its current situation?”

Ling nodded and looked at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon. He immediately introduced it to Shi Yu. “Well, but at the moment, intelligence can only be considered a preliminary success. It’s not perfect.”

“The revived mechanical Tyrant Dragon isn’t like in ancient times, an earth overlord of a middle-level overlord race.”

“At the moment, due to the incomplete genes, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s race level can’t be perfectly recovered even through skills like Dream Steal and Phantom Illusion.”

“Its current race level is probably a low-level monarch race. It has only inherited the super skill ‘Earth Domain’. Its other super skills, including low-level skills, were all lost during the revival process.”

“This might be the inevitable price to pay for the combination of the Dream Phantom, the intelligent chip, and the mechanical equipment to ‘evolution’ or ‘mutate’ into a mechanical Tyrant Dragon. If you want to restore the full glory of the ancient overlord, you might have to optimize it further.”

“However, because it became a new race, it also obtained new skills. They are the high-level thunder-element skill Lightning, the intermediate-level thunder-element skill Storage Lightning, and the intermediate-level Mechanic skill Basic Intelligence.”

“So its current attribute judgment will be very strange…”

“Machinery, lightning, and earth?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Lightning, storage lightning?”

Because the claws and shield used Eleven’s lightning-attracting hardening metal, the earth-element Tyrant Dragon learned thunder-element skills after becoming a mechanical Tyrant Dragon?

This worked?

Good lord, mechanical, earth, and thunder…

Then… was this still an ancient species…

“It’s already not bad. No matter what, it’s a mechanical beast of a monarch race. It even successfully inherited a skill,” Shi Yu said. “If you really restore the perfect overlord race Tyrant Dragon at once, that wouldn’t be scientific.”

Shi Yu pondered for a moment and said in relief.

A stable overlord race cultivation path definitely wouldn’t be easy.

“So, how did it succeed?” Shi Yu looked at the irritable Tyrant Dragon and asked.

“Its modification materials are still the ‘Dream Mechanical Alloy’ that you chose previously and Eleven’s ‘Lightning Hardening Metal’. It still uses electricity as the main energy source.”

“In the original idea, I combined the skills of Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu. With Baby Ginseng’s ‘Mutated Fruit’ and ‘Time Fruit’ as the core, and with the theoretical knowledge of the third feeding index as the foundation, I cultivated a special spiritual fruit called ‘Soul Heart Fruit’ that can allow mechanical beasts to awaken into real life forms after eating it.”

“You guys really came out…” Shi Yu looked at the sky.

He was indeed wise and farsighted. If he didn’t teach the third bureau of feeding knowledge to Ling, this so-called Soul Heart Fruit wouldn’t have come out so easily. Ling would probably have to study it from other directions. At that time, it was still uncertain how long it would take.

“The Soul Heart Fruit contains various powers such as mental dreams, soul and mind, time of life, and the power of purification. It has already purified the remaining ferocity of the fossil, so the mechanical Tyrant Dragon cub in front of me, after combining with the smart chip, is equivalent to a newborn Tyrant Dragon cub. Although it looks fierce, this is because this race’s personality is like this.”

“Huh??”

“Then quickly give it food.”

Shi Yu felt that the mechanical Tyrant Dragon cub seemed to be crying!

Buggy’s spatial shackles isolated the natural power of lightning, preventing it from eating naturally.

“Yi…”

After being stunned, Baby Ginseng immediately condensed a nutritional fruit that looked like a potato. It contained the power of the earth and it threw it to the mechanical Tyrant Dragon.

Although the mechanical Tyrant Dragon relied on electricity to last… In theory, the Earth Fruit could also be eaten.

“Roar!! Roar!!”

In the dragon ring, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon baby immediately bit the delicious potato bitterly.

Seeing this, Shi Yu said, “But I feel that this little guy is stupid. Does he really have a chance to get first place in the Mechanical Conference…”

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon: “Roar!!!”

The little mechanical Tyrant Dragon raised its head. Although it was a cub, it was really different from a newborn cub. After all, it had basic intelligence, and its intelligence was not inferior to a child a few years old.

“Roar!!! (I am the overlord of the earth!!)”

This obsession had not been cleansed!!! Shi Yu looked at Ling!!

Ling: “Well… That’s true. If we rely on it alone, the research results will definitely not be enough to firmly take first place. Therefore, I still have to continue the research of the ancient mechanical beast and strive to be perfect. Otherwise, it’s even more impossible to carry out the research of the Mythical Beast.”

Shi Yu nodded. Yes, only one skill was left after reviving the Tyrant Dragon. If he fused with the Qilin Phantom and only one skill was left, all the important skills would be lost. Then it would be a waste for it to revive!!

It had to be perfected!

“At the moment, the mechanical phantom beast needs to be built under the joint efforts of Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others to successfully revive.”

“If you want to get first place in the Mechanical Conference, there are two research routes. The first is to upgrade the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s race level to the overlord race.”

“The second route is to achieve the popularization and replication of mechanical phantom beasts.”

Ling: “A fossil phantom recovery device that can restore the dream illusion of a fossil. This way, there’s no need to rely on the power of Buggy.”

“Then, I’ll develop a stable breeding channel for the Soul Heart Fruit so that it can be obtained through artificial cultivation. This way, I can obtain it without the help of Baby Ginseng and the others.”

“After researching these two results, you can completely open up a new system in the mechanical field.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

It would be best if he wanted all of them!!

“There are still more than two months. Can you develop it?”

“Try your best!” Ling’s eyes lit up. “However, more research funds are needed.”

“I can spend all of them! If I develop this, I have to apply for a legendary resource for the Mechanic class from the fourth bureau!!!”

….

Demon Capital.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived on a Cloud Piercing Arrow.

This was the second time Shi Yu had come to Demon Capital.

When he arrived, Shi Yu’s excitement had yet to pass. He had been teasing the Little Tyrant Dragon for a long time just now. It was alive! Alive!

However, it was important… He would leave it to Ling.

He took out his cell phone and planned to call Director Li of the archeology Department of Ancient Capital University to say that he also wanted to participate in the exchange activity. It would be best if he could communicate deeply with the legendary Beast Tamer, Ms. Katavi.

However, at this moment, before Shi Yu could find the number, a trending change in news stunned him.

He took a look and was rather silent.

Because it seemed… there was no need to communicate with the legendary Kartavy anymore.

He discovered a simpler and cruder method.

[The top 50 Beast Tamers of the reserve contestants of the World Tournament of the Ancient Kingdom! The battle exchange will begin in a day!]

The general content of the news was that five young top-notch Beast Tamers in the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua’s exchange team would invite the Dong Huang genius to an exchange battle in the Demon Capital Arena in a day.

Heavenly King Zou and the others from the Dark Club had already responded.

Among them, what concerned Shi Yu was that the news also briefly introduced the basic information of the five Ming Hua geniuses. The information of one of them attracted Shi Yu.

Amy Rui, female, 28 years old. A top-notch master in the Ancient Ming Hua Nation. A disciple of the legendary Beast Tamer, Katawei. She represented her battle pet, the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow! Just like her master!

“In other words, as long as I also participate in this battle exchange and have Chi Tong possess me, I can give them a punch and the skill will be successfully replicated, right?”