Chapter 451 - Birth Of The Mechanical Beast (1)

It was getting more and more like a ferocious beast.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Among the many attributes, only metal-element or dragon-element creatures could train their physiques so fiercely.

Moreover, the strength of Eleven’s body had definitely far exceeded those high-level overlord races and even quasi Mythical races of the same level.

“6,090,000.” Shi Yu glanced at Eleven’s normal energy level.

Its powerful physique also made Eleven’s body contain more energy. Its energy level also broke through to 6 million, reaching the normal level of 6.09 million.

It had only learned two skills, and the increase in energy was even greater than absorbing level-eight resources like Burning Gold and the Yun An Fragment.

This made Eleven extremely excited, so even if the skill index couldn’t be used to teach anymore, it didn’t give up and continued to train the two skills, Reinforced Iron Bones and Tempered Steel.

Just continue to be beaten and burned? This training content was not difficult at all for Eleven.

It directly called Buggy and Chi Tong to create a sun.

Although the upper limit of the skill index’s increase in non-racial skills was transcendent, it didn’t mean that transcendent was a bottleneck. When pets trained themselves later, they could still strengthen their proficiency, but the increase was very slow.

Obviously, Eleven wanted to rely on its own hard work to train the two skills, Reinforced Iron Bones and Tempered Iron, to the maximum level.

Regarding this, Shi Yu and Ling considered Eleven’s style… and didn’t refuse.

In any case, training “impregnable” had a requirement that it had to reach the limits of the body. In any case, the Panda King had the racial talent bonus of becoming stronger after being heavily injured. It could increase its strength very quickly. Training like this was completely not troublesome.

Because of the speciality of race and skills, only Eleven dared to train like this in the team.

“Let’s rest for a while.”

Shi Yu shook his head. Eleven was much stronger now than in the National League.

Although it couldn’t successfully use the meteorite fragment to evolve, it didn’t stop it from being still brutal.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven’s voice came from the Worm Sun.

It couldn’t walk anymore.

It looked to the bean bears for help.

Shi Yu looked at the sky :”…”

Its endurance was still a little poor?

As expected, he still had to get the “Undying Golden Body” quickly.

At that time, Eleven’s battle power could definitely fight an overlord at the monarch level! It could rely on its own strength without the Time Fruit!

Even if he couldn’t win, he definitely wouldn’t lose too quickly.

“Wu wu wu wu.”

In the crowd, the Bean Bears started to save Eleven. They ran to the same spot and used the super electromagnetic cannon to blast Eleven out of the Worm Sun.

What goes around comes around.

Shi Yu watched for a while before Buggy and Chi Tong flew over.

They created a sun…

Buggy and Chi Tong became stronger.

Although Shi Yu had yet to teach Buggy the bug-element ultimate move, Ultimate Absorption…

However, during the half a month of searching for the “Undying Dragon”, Shi Yu copied some rare skills he encountered on the way and taught them to Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng.

Among them, Shi Yu taught Buggy the high-level skill “Swarm Command”.

This skill was also very rare.

At the moment, in Dong Huang, only the high-level monarch race worm, the spatial dual-element “Queen Bee of Ten Thousand Nests”, had it.

The racial talent of the Queen Bee was that its body was like a beehive space. It could give birth to a large number of “young bees” without life characteristics, like puppets and clones, for the Queen Bee to control. The young bees could replace the Queen Bee as a clone to carry out various orders, such as picking honey.

As for the Queen Bee, it controlled them through the “swarm command”.

The skill of commanding insect-type and spiritual-type insects could allow the user to establish a mental connection with a large number of young bees and command them to fight like an army.

Of course, it wasn’t an army skill.

There were no special army buffs, but there was one thing. The young bees that died under the command of the swarm would return to the main body in the form of a special bug-type signal after death, increasing the main body’s attributes in all aspects.

At that time, when Shi Yu and the others accidentally encountered the Queen Bee, they directly replicated this move.

He planned to let Buggy use the “spatial pocket” to simulate the beehive space and let it imagine a bunch of “Dragon Gods of Imagination” that were controlled by the insect swarm command. Its main body would be the one who issued the “swarm command”, the master of all dragons, the strongest Dragon Tamer.

During this process, it would hide and let the divine dragon phantoms fight. Not only was it safe, but the divine dragon phantom could also strengthen Buggy’s main body after it died.

If it learned the “Ultimate Absorption” in the future, it could even let the phantom suck blood and energy when it was alive. If it died, it would strengthen its main body and squeeze itself dry. At that time, Buggy would be like Eleven, an immortal cockroach.

However, the form was different. Eleven fought head-on and turned the damage into life through, like an immortal war god. As for Buggy, it hid at the back and commanded the bugs to fight.

Now, this skill had also been given points to perfection by Shi Yu. Buggy had already combined with the phantom illusion and spatial pocket. It was just that the formation process of the Dragon Army was a little unsuccessful. Its energy value was not enough for it to summon too many Dragon God Phantoms. If it relaxed the number, the battle power of the phantoms would be weak again…

It was just that a few divine dragons really didn’t have the domineering aura of an insect swarm.

Now, Buggy wanted a high-level resource more than anyone, a dragon-element resource. This way, it could summon the Dragon Army by carrying equipment.