Chapter 454 - Dragon Mother'S Treasure (1)

Top-notch Beast Tamer, Amy Rui, her ace Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow, strengthening talent for the metal element…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the way, Shi Yu stopped on the spot and looked at the information on this genius from the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua. He fell into deep thought.

Fight, they definitely had to fight.

He just didn’t know how strong the other party was.

If the other party’s strength was only like General Xiao Qin, he should be able to easily replicate the skill.

But if the other party’s strength matched a top-notch Beast Tamer ranked between 5 to 10 in the Sequence Battle…

If they fought, he would probably have to formulate a strategy.

“But no matter what, with my current strength, I shouldn’t be unable to touch my opponent.”

“It’s not a big problem.” Shi Yu closed the news interface.

At the moment, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming was at level five. His pets were all at the monarch level. They looked very strong, but they were actually not invincible below the legendary level.

The standard for legendary Beast Tamers in the Seven Nation Alliance was that they had a level-seven space and an overlord-level pet.

Below that was quasi legend, for example, the disciple of the Tyrannical Sea Legend, Zheng Hai.

In these people’s situation, their Beast Taming level had reached level seven, but their pets had yet to reach the overlord level for various reasons. Not everyone’s pets could rely on points to quickly break through levels like Shi Yu’s pets.

This kind of Beast Tamer was still called just a top-notch master, but they were super strong.

Because if they had strengthening-type Beast Taming Talent and their talent development was not bad, it was not a problem to help their pets increase their energy level by more than 10 million.

If the basic energy value of the pet was 2 million, increasing it to 10 million would also make it a top-notch monarch with ten million energy points.

Moreover, for a Beast Tamer whose cultivation speed could be so fast, it was impossible for his pet to only have two million basic energy points. The low-level skills of his pet were probably above perfect proficiency. Some of them would be transcendent. It was impossible for their super skills to be lower than expert proficiency, too. It was even possible for them to be close to perfect proficiency.

If that was the case, it would be more dangerous for Shi Yu to fight at the moment. After all, there were two levels worth of difference.

Apart from quasi legends, there were only normal top-notch Beast Tamers at the sixth level of the Beast Tamer level who contracted monarch-level pets.

If they had a strengthening talent, they could also easily help their pets increase millions of energy points.

For example, General Xiao Qin’s Demon Sea Star’s basic energy value was 2.88 million, but after being strengthened by her Beast Taming Talent, it instantly reached 6.9 million when she fought Shi Yu, increasing by 4 million.

And this was the most common performance of strengthening talents in battle.

If it was an extremely rare special battle-type talent like the Sequence Fifth Era’s Wind, the increase was even stronger than common strengthening-type talents. In this case, it was also relatively dangerous for Shi Yu to fight.

Apart from that, there were also special Beast Tamers like Senior Lu. Although they had non-combat-type talent, they had mastered super skills that were close to perfect level. Their pets were basically top-notch monarchs that could reach ten million energy levels.

As for people like Shi Yu, who was at level five and had the gift of telepathy on the surface, but was given the title of top-notch Beast Tamer… people like this were rare, even rarer than quasi legends. They were strange.

However, Shi Yu knew that he wasn’t weak at the moment. Eleven and the others were also top-notch monarchs with more than ten million energy after erupting. Among the young Beast Tamers under the age of 30 in Dong Huang, probably no one could steadily defeat him, excluding the four who had already reached the Legendary level.

Shi Yu judged that his strength was definitely not a problem to be ranked in the top ten of the Sequence. He belonged to the first tier.

And the overall strength of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua was at the bottom of the seven-nation alliance.

In the previous world competition 20 years ago, Dong Huang was second, and Ming Hua was sixth. The difference in strength was very obvious.

Shi Yu didn’t even think that he would lose to the geniuses of his own country, let alone Ming Hua’s geniuses.

He dialed President Xia of the Demon Capital Association.

At the same time.

In a luxurious hall used for meeting guests in Demon Capital Pearl Square.

The hundred-man exchange team of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua was eating freely in the buffet restaurant. With them were famous people from all walks of life in Dong Huang. There were businessmen, feeders, Mechanics, and archeologists. They were all elites who had come to carry out this exchange with Ming Hua under the orders of the Dong Huang Association.

In the exchange team of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua this time, there was a Titled Legend “Nether King” leading the team, as well as two ordinary legends. The lineup was quite grand.

On Dong Huang’s side, the president of the Demon Capital Association, Legend Xia, the legendary Beast Tamer Yao Senshan in the first bureau, and the legendary Beast Tamer Guo Yinghong in the fifth bureau were in charge of communicating.

The legendary Beast Tamer Yao Senshan was in charge of diplomacy all year round in the first bureau, while the legendary Guo Yinghong was in charge of the business activities between Ming Hua and Dong Huang in the fifth bureau.

As for Legend Xia, it was purely because the second stop of this exchange activity was Demon Capital that he was pulled in to work.

At the banquet.

President Xia smiled and communicated with the Ming Hua legend, Katavi.

Not far from them, Dr. Zuo smiled and communicated with Ming Hua’s top-notch Feeding Master about the Green Silkworm cocoon system.

“Unbelievable, simply unbelievable!!!”

“Green Silkworm… is there such an evolution method?”

“Continuous evolution… Really?”

The dark-skinned auntie opposite Dr. Zuo was shocked.

Green Silkworm, Green Silkworm cocoon, a stable and cheap transcendent, commander, and monarch race evolution path! She revealed an envious expression.

Although the environment of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua was not suitable for the growth of the Green Silkworm, and there were almost no Green Silkworms… As the top-notch Feeding Master of the Ming Hua, she naturally knew all kinds of pet races. The Green Silkworm was one of the most numerous pets in Dong Huang, and even in the world. If Dong Huang could develop such a feeding result, it could definitely quickly increase the national strength by increasing the number of low-level Beast Tamers.