Chapter 450 - Birth Of The Mechanical Beast

Divine Capital.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Shi Yu finished eating, he immediately left.

In the outside world.

Shi Yu called Principal Feng.

“Huh?”

Principal Feng’s surprised voice came from the other side.

“Kid, why are you suddenly calling me?”

“I just want to ask…”

“As I said last time, there’s only one last process left. It probably won’t be long before it’s delivered to you.”

“It’s not about the legendary resource,” Shi Yu said.

“Oh, Qingyi hasn’t come out yet.”

“No! Principal Feng, I just saw the news. It’s said that the exchange team of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua has come to Dong Huang?”

“Uh…” Principal Feng was stunned.

He suddenly had a bad feeling.

“Yeah, what’s wrong?”

“Where are they now?”

Shi Yu said warmly, “I’m quite interested in the history of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua. I want to communicate with them.”

At the moment, among the seven countries, only Dong Huang and Ming Hua were known as ancient countries. The development history of Beast Tamers was relatively complete.

The history of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua could also be traced back to the totem era. The evolution process was very complicated.

On the other side, undead were prevalent in the Netherworld. There were many Spirit Mediums, but there were also traditional Beast Tamers who pursued transcendent races such as cows, snakes, elephants, and peacocks.

“You…”

When Principal Feng heard that, he pondered for a moment.

He fell into deep thought.

This time, the exchange team that Ming Hua came to Dong Huang with was a very complete exchange team. There were elites in the business world, archeologists, feed masters, mechanical masters, and young Beast Tamers who might participate in the World Tournament to broaden their horizons.

In theory, Shi Yu was a member of the third and eleventh bureaus. As the owner, it was completely fine for him to welcome and communicate with the guests.

However, why did he have a bad feeling when he heard Shi Yu’s excited tone?

Shi Yu… was restless…

“They should be in Demon Capital now…”

Principal Feng said, “Are you sure you want to go over?”

“Then can I contact President Xia?” Shi Yu asked.

He knew the president of the Demon Capital Association.

The exchange team was in Demon Capital. In theory, President Xia would definitely be in charge of receiving them.

“Yes.” Principal Feng nodded and said, “But our school’s Director Li also went to communicate with the Ming Hua’s exchange team as an archeologist representative. If you want to go over, you can look for Director Li over there.”

“But generally speaking, apart from commercial trade and sparring among the younger generation, there’s nothing else to communicate about this kind of exchange. It’s just a formality. It’s actually meaningless for you to go,” Principal Feng said.

“I’ll go take a look.” Shi Yu was rather serious.

He had liked the Ming Hua culture and Ming Hua pets since he was young. After communicating with the Ming Hua Legend through various methods such as battle, feeding, and archeology, it wouldn’t be too much to “hug” and take a photo with the other party’s pet.

This was already giving Legend Ming Hua a lot of face!! This was a friendly opportunity to communicate with a super big boss who was also a member of four bureaus!!

…

In the suburbs.

Shi Yu summoned Chi Tong’s clone.

“Mi!”

Chi Tong’s sword bent with tears on its face.

It had the same expression as the gem cat clone.

The tool sword was ready.

“To Demon Capital.”

Shi Yu hung the ruin ring on Chi Tong’s clone.

“I won’t possess you to fly today. You fly yourself.”

After locating it, Shi Yu himself crawled into the ruin ring, leaving Chi Tong’s clone sighing and looking south.

Life was not easy, the clone sighed.

This time it was Chi Tong’s clone that was transporting him!

At the same time.

In the ruins space.

Shi Yu heaved a long sigh of relief. After searching for so long, he had to replicate the Undying Golden Body no matter what.

Otherwise, if he missed this opportunity, he might not be able to see this skill again.

“Let’s see Eleven and the others’ training.”

After arriving at the space, Shi Yu strolled.

For the past 20 days, he had been in pain and joy.

In 20 days, he went to many places in Dong Huang and ate many unique delicacies. He also replicated a bunch of rare skills.

However, the skills copied also had to be added as points.

A bunch of high-level skills was tiring work.

However, in less than a month, the increase in the strength of Shi Yu’s pet was also very gratifying.

This kind of reward that could be seen made Shi Yu feel that being exhausted was worth it.

The temperature was getting hotter and hotter.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived at a desert area.

At this moment, there was a worm creating a sun. At the core of the sun was a black and white panda…

It widened its big eyes and enjoyed the burning of the flames…

In the four corners of the Worm Sun, there were also four Bean Bears. From time to time, they would release a super electromagnetic cannon from four directions to bombard the injured Eleven inside.

“Well…” Shi Yu rubbed his head.

In the past 20 days, Eleven had learned a total of three new high-level skills.

The reinforced iron bones that became stronger after being beaten, the tempered iron that became stronger after being burned, and the Overlord Body Armor that exceeded the limit of enduring damage!

Not only did Eleven learn it, but it had also been raised to perfection by Shi Yu.

Of course, the upper limit of these teaching skills and skill index was only transcendent.

However, although it was only transcendent proficiency, the increase in Eleven’s physique was ridiculously large.

At this moment, even if Eleven didn’t use any skills or energy, it wouldn’t be a problem for it to fight ferocious beasts of the same level with its physical strength alone.

Even if he didn’t use any defensive skills and relied on his body to resist Baby Ginseng’s energy explosive fruit enhanced by the Moon Explosion, Eleven wouldn’t be heavily injured.