Chapter 457 - Still Killing Indiscriminately (1)

“I’m hanging up.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After receiving the news from Xiao Qin, Shi Yu informed the gem cat that Demon Capital was looking for him to play.

The gem cat definitely didn’t want to miss such a good thing.

Cultivation my ass. The most important thing was to freeload. The gem cat had been eyeing the Vortex Demon Beast’s octopus tentacles for a long time.

“What!!!”

As expected, at Ancient Capital University, the gem cat’s eyes immediately lit up when it received Shi Yu’s call.

Without another word, it threw a clone to work and its main body started to teleport.

Sensing the commotion over there, Shi Yu hung up with a sigh.

“But this way, I have to replicate the skills as soon as possible…”

Shi Yu looked into the distance. He couldn’t waste too much time in Demon Capital.

Otherwise, it would be bad if Mother Dragon changed her mind and didn’t want to give him legendary resources.

He stretched and walked leisurely in the direction of Pearl Square.

Soon, Shi Yu saw Xia Qingwei, who had also rushed over to find him.

It was obvious that the other party had just come out of the banquet. She was wearing a purple petal see-through dress. The purple petals on both sides of her shoulders made her look very young, although she wasn’t very old herself.

Xia Qingwei saw Shi Yu from afar and stopped.

“Little Xia,” Shi Yu immediately said when he saw her.

Xia Qingwei pursed her lips. At this moment, she was still brooding over the fact that Shi Yu’s pet used its clone to eliminate her in the National League.

To be precise, from the moment the limelight of the Butterfly Meeting was snatched away to the moment her pet was insta-killed by Shi Yu with deterrence in Legend Hua’s courtyard, then to the moment where she became Shi Yu’s research assistant, she had never stood up to Shi Yu.

No matter what, she was still the daughter of a legendary Beast Tamer and a famous doctorate!

How could a strange guy like Shi Yu be born in this world?

“I heard you’re participating in the battle exchange with the Ming Hua Beast Tamer tomorrow.” She wanted to know what Shi Yu was up to now.

“Well, have you seen those Beast Tamers?” Shi Yu asked.

Xia Qingwei nodded and said, “I took a few looks from afar and they gave off a very strong feeling…”

Shi Yu smiled. “Where are their pets?”

“Didn’t see them.” Xia Qingwei shook her head.

“Wu.” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Didn’t the other party show their pets at the banquet? Then why would he go to the banquet?

“Why, you don’t want to go to the banquet anymore?” Xia Qingwei seemed to have seen through Shi Yu’s thoughts.

Therefore, Shi Yu wanted to come because he was curious about Ming Hua’s pets?

“Ah… Anything is fine,” Shi Yu said. He was free anyway.

“Up to you.” Xia Qingwei shrugged and said, “However, it’s indeed a little boring over there.”

Today, the exchange activity had actually not completely started. It was just the relevant people from various fields meeting and getting to know each other.

For a real exchange activity, there would definitely be special venues in various fields.

For example, the battle exchange would be held in the Demon Capital Arena tomorrow.

“Actually, if you’re more curious about the Ming Hua pets, I can take you to the research institute to take a look. Dong Huang took advantage of this exchange to introduce another batch of Ming Hua native pets. A batch of bug-type creatures has gathered at the research institute. There should be six to seven races.”

“Eh, let’s go to the research institute then,” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

Let’s see if we can replicate another skill for Buggy!

“Alright!” Xia Qingwei said. The research institute was ultimately more fun than a banquet.

Half an hour later, in the banquet hall, President Xia was rather confused. Why hadn’t his daughter brought him over after half an hour? Where was he?

“Stop looking.”

Dr. Zuo walked over and said, “My daughter sent me a message. She said to bring Shi Yu to the research institute to take a look.”

President Xia was stunned. “No wonder this girl agreed so readily. So she didn’t plan to come back. Then, when the banquet is almost over, shouldn’t we hurry over and greet Shi Yu?”

Speaking of which, he could be promoted to the president of the Demon Capital Association this time because of his wife. After all, Dr. Zuo was currently in charge of the national research project, the Green Silkworm cocoon project.

And for Dr. Zuo to be able to take on this project, the most important thing was actually the nod of the big boss of the third bureau, Shi Yu.

“Sure.” Dr. Zuo felt that it was alright.

…

The Demon Capital Worm Department Research Institute. This was Dr. Zuo’s research place, and also Xia Qingwei’s research place.

As a research student of Demon Capital University, she was going to take over her mother’s work in the future. Compared to battle, she was more proficient in feeding.

The Worm Department Research Institute was established in a natural mountain area. It was a huge natural garden. The forest path that arrived here led to the door. The monarch-level Sun Moth was in charge of guarding the nest in the sky.

Six pairs of orange wings surrounded it. The Sun Moth that had a graceful white belly saw that it was someone familiar, so it turned a blind eye and let it pass.

Shi Yu originally came with anticipation, wondering if he could replicate another rare skill for Buggy that was difficult to find in Dong Huang.

However, the outcome made him very helpless. He realized that there was nothing worth replicating.

“Are you interested or not?”

Xia Qingwei, who was trying hard to introduce the Black Velvet Worm, the Shell Worm, and the other special pets of the Ming Hua, had a strange expression.

Why was this man so fickle? He was excited when he came just now, but why was he unhappy again after seeing the worm?

She looked at the black furry worm in the cage. Wasn’t this cute?

“I was interested just now, but I’m not interested now.” Shi Yu looked at the Black Velvet Worm covered in trash skills and said.