Chapter 456 - Dragon Mother Giving Treasures (3)

Of course, there would also be some prizes around the exchange event, such as deciding who had the initiative in the business exchange event, or deciding how many special cultivation mystic realms Dong Huang would open for them to use and train.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This year, with the momentum of the World Tournament, it would be a frequent period of exchange between the seven-nation alliance. If nothing went wrong, at that time, Dong Huang would also establish an exchange team and go to the other six countries to communicate. At that time, the battle exchange would be an extremely important project.

…

“Sigh ~” After Shi Yu hung up, he looked at the blue sky and white clouds.

He had just finished eating. What was the point of going to the banquet after eating?

However, it was fine to go over and take a look. Perhaps there was a chance to directly replicate some rare skills at the banquet.

Just as Shi Yu hung up, another call came.

Shi Yu subconsciously thought that it was Xia Qingwei, but when he focused, he realized that it was General Xiao Qin, who was far in the sea area beside the Ice Fire Snow Mountain…

“…” Shi Yu picked up the phone.

“Minister Shi Yu, the people from Dragon Palace City, um, the sea beasts, came to visit our Environmental Protection Department base.”

General Xiao Qin’s voice came from the other side.

“They said that they’re subordinates of Lord Ice Dragon and came to invite you and the Gem Cat to go to Dragon Palace City to play. They said that it entered the Dragon God Ruins and successfully obtained a pile of treasures inside. They can give you and the Gem Cat two useless things. They also want to hold a banquet and eat roasted octopus tentacles together?”

“It can’t be the Vortex Totem, right…” General Xiao Qin felt extremely hungry.

Shi Yu : “…”

“This…”

When Shi Yu heard the content, he was immediately stunned. Ice Dragon had finally entered the Dragon God Ruins. From the looks of it, it had gained a lot??

The Dragon God Ruins was indeed filled with treasures.

There were legendary and Mythical resources.

The Kirin fossil was something from the Dragon God Ruins.

It was said that when the totem dragon king first entered the Dragon God Ruins, it had never returned empty-handed. In the worst cases, anyone who went in had at least brought out one or two legendary resources.

Unfortunately, only totem-level dragons could enter this ruin.

Shi Yu wiped his saliva.

What a “mom”! She had good things and still knew to think about them.

However, only a few useless resources were given. What the hell?

It was probably just being polite. In fact, maybe it had already prepared several legendary resources, waiting to give them a surprise!

He remembered that before they separated, after he let Ice Dragon enter the ruins, he paid attention to whether there were any resources that could strengthen Buggy.

Did this mean that Buggy’s legendary resources were also in place?

Buggy was half a child of the Ice Dragon after all. It couldn’t be mistreated, right?

One dragon-element legendary resource, and three or four dragon-element level-eight resources. With Buggy’s equipment, its battle power could probably increase. The insect swarm (dragon group) strategy could also be gradually perfected around the equipment.

Shi Yu looked up at the sky. He had Eleven’s legendary resources, Chi Tong’s legendary resources, but he still lacked Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and Ling’s.

Susu, though, he didn’t have to worry about. When the time came, he would just have to apply to the Environmental Protection Department. Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang would probably be willing to give it to it.

As for Ling, he could see if there was a chance to pass the Mechanical Conference.

As for Buggy’s, it might also be in place this time. From the looks of it, it wasn’t impossible to collect six legendary resources and prepare one for every pet to break through to the overlord level with a “perfect foundation”.

“Thank you, Mother Dragon.” Shi Yu was excited. He immediately prepared to tell this good news to Ice Dragon’s good friend, the gem cat.

Let’s go to Dragon Palace City to eat roasted octopus tentacles. This was totem meat. Even if it was just the most ordinary tentacle, it had to be comparable to a level-seven resource. It was very nutritious!

It was the new year. The elders had sent New Year’s red packet money.