Chapter 452 - Birth Of The Mechanical Beast (2)

It wasn’t low-level equipment like the Ice Dragon Whiskers, Tyrant Dragon Fang, and Sea Dragon Scale. What Buggy wanted was legendary dragon-element equipment!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For this, it had already decided that no matter how fierce the leader was, it would take first place in the next team meeting.

“Wu ~” Buggy flew over with tears in its eyes. Before that, it still had to help the leader build a special training environment. It was too difficult.

“Mi ~” Chi Tong chuckled.

As a little daughter, Chi Tong was treated extremely well.

Apart from the “Nether Cold Fire” and “Protection Flame”, Shi Yu also taught it a high-level undead-type protective skill, “Scapegoat”.

This was similar to Baby Ginseng’s time mark. It was a skill that required a lot of effort to condense, but after condensing it, it could be maintained forever.

Chi Tong could condense a “scapegoat”. This spirit body could form a connection with the user. When the user was injured, this damage would be transferred to the “scapegoat” through the curse.

After the scapegoat was trained to perfection, the user could condense a total of two scapegoats. At the same time, the scapegoat could also be used as a guardian spirit. Not only could it be used by oneself, but it could also be used by a person selected by the user.

In other words, with this skill, Shi Yu had more abilities to protect himself, such as “Protection Water”, “Protection Flame”, “Scapegoat”, and “Etherealization”. His safety had increased by an epic level.

Apart from that, this move could also withstand the damage caused by its own skill for Chi Tong. In other words, if Chi Tong’s explosive “Interlocking Sword” that exceeded the limit caused itself injury through the power of intersection, the scapegoat could completely withstand it in its place, allowing it to erupt multiple times like Eleven.

It was also an epic strengthening.

“Is Baby Ginseng still farming at Ling’s side?”

After observing the energy changes of Buggy and Chi Tong today, Shi Yu asked them.

“Wu!!” Buggy nodded.

Yes, yes.

“I’ll go take a look,” Shi Yu said.

For the past few days, Baby Ginseng had been researching a special fruit with Ling.

Of course, the leveling up of Baby Ginseng didn’t fall behind.

Although it had only been taught two skills, one of which was still a low-level Earth Escape… With the other high-level wood-element skill, nutrient plundering, it was already as unsolvable as Eleven and Buggy.

Nutrition plunder was also an absorption-type skill. It could be sustained by absorbing the enemy’s nutrients. Although the absorption effect was inferior to the ultimate absorption of the bug type, it was still a pretty good skill.

As for the super wood-element absorption skill, Shi Yu only found a super wood-element killing skill that absorbed all the enemy’s life nutrients to increase its growth speed, similar to Spirit Release.

Unfortunately, it was useless for Baby Ginseng. After all, Shi Yu’s pets weren’t lacking in growth levels now. When Shi Yu’s level rose, their growth levels wouldn’t have a bottleneck.

With Earth Escape, it could hide underground and fight. In addition to the nutritional plunder and the Earth Chain that relied on the power of the earth to recover its physical fitness, it could completely hide behind the scenes like Buggy and summon endless trees to attack.

All of them became an army!

A low-level and multiple high-level skills… This teaching frequency was basically one transcendent high-level skill every two days. During the 20-day trip, Shi Yu completed the super strengthening of Eleven and the others again.

Their skills and battle tactics were strengthened intensely.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t care about Susu before it woke up. A pile of top-notch resources was waiting for it to absorb them. There would probably be a lot of skills awakened later.

As for Ling, Shi Yu took the time to teach it cloning and multiplication.

Its current growth level had long reached commander rank. From birth to commander rank, it took less than a month. It could be said to be very fast.

At this moment, with his identity as the owner of the ruins, Shi Yu quickly arrived at the Mechanical Research Institute.

Just as he arrived, he suddenly heard the excited voices of Ling and Baby Ginseng.

“Success, success!!!”

“Yi!!! (As expected of me!!)” Baby Ginseng was excited.

“Master, we succeeded!!!”

Just as Shi Yu arrived, in the sky, a mechanical Rubik’s Cube suddenly turned around. The cartoon profile picture on it said excitedly.

“Uh.” Shi Yu was stunned.

He was just about to ask when his expression suddenly changed. He immediately saw a ferocious-looking mechanical Tyrant Dragon baby about a meter tall jumping around energetically in the dragon ring.

“Roar!!!”

In the dragon circle, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon roared.

It was hungry!

However, it was restricted by the surrounding spatial shackles and couldn’t come out no matter what. It could only helplessly hit the spatial barrier.

At this moment, the Magic Cube Ling was looking at this guy in the sky in surprise.

Baby Ginseng pushed its glasses and closed the book at its waist, revealing a lonely expression.

This time, it had made a huge contribution, although it was Sister Ling’s plan.

Shi Yu looked at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon with a burning gaze.

[Name], [Attributes], [Race Level], [Race Skill], all ???

However, in terms of [Level of Growth] and [Energy Points], it was the unbelievable “Transcendent” and “3187”!

Shi Yu was immediately stunned before quickly reacting.

“It succeeded?”

“The research path of the ancient mechanical phantom beast was successful?”

Seeing that the index could detect the life fluctuations of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, Shi Yu was immediately pleasantly surprised.

He looked at Ling excitedly.

They had agreed on three months, but it had only been less than a month!