Chapter 459 - Still Killing Indiscriminately (3)

Below, the expressions of the contestants from the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua were solemn. Although they were both ancient countries, the difference in strength between the two parties was indeed huge. They wouldn’t be sloppy.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Next, I’ll give you a simple introduction of their basic information. Time is tight, and there’s only basic information.”

“Of course, they only have your basic information as well,” said Legend Katavi. In such an international exchange, the basic information of their group of envoys had to be given to Dong Huang. It was inevitable.

“Sequence number six, Zheng Hai. Age 29, Beast Taming level seven. His trump card is a monarch-level Giant Leviathan of an overlord race. He’s a quasi legendary Beast Tamer. He’s a disciple of the Tyrannical Sea Legend of Dong Huang. He’s very strong. His Beast Taming Talent is water-element strengthening… He has the battle record of defeating an ocean overlord.”

“Sequence 10, Zou Yun, age 27, Beast Tamer level 6, dark-element strengthening talent, top-notch master… He has a battle record of tying with an overlord.”

“…”

The five Ming Hua contestants had natural expressions. Fortunately, they were quasi legendary Beast Tamers. This time, Dong Huang only sent one person, and they had two!

It was unknown if Dong Huang looked down on them or if they deliberately pulled their punches a bit and planned to prioritize friendship first and competition second.

Everyone continued to listen.

Soon, they introduced the last person.

“Sequence 22, Shi Yu, age 19, Beast Tamer level five, telepathy talent, top-notch master…”

“What?” At this point, a woman in a white sari below was slightly stunned. “Teacher, what did you say? 19 years old, level five Beast Tamer, top-notch master?”

“It’s 19, not 29? It’s level five, not level six? And it’s a telepathy talent??”

The few people introduced in front were alright. As Legend Katavi introduced Shi Yu’s information, the five young people from Ming Hua were stunned.

They could barely accept a 19-year-old with a level-five Beast Taming Space. After all, this person could rely on using resources. However, was the title of top-notch master serious? Coupled with the age and talent in front, it was very unbelievable.

Telepathy, this talent could also be used to fight an overlord two levels higher? What a joke. It had to be fake. The title was fake, right? It was more like an ordinary master. The ranking… was also high.

“That’s right. However, this Beast Tamer’s name was added at the last minute. There’s relatively little other information…” Katavi looked at the five young men and said,” However, I’ve asked around. He’s very famous in Dong Huang. He just won the individual championship of the national university competition. ”

“Although he’s young, doesn’t have a battle-type talent, and doesn’t have the battle record of fighting overlord-level creatures, he’s suspected to have contracted five overlord-level pets alone!”

“Now, do you still have any questions?”

As soon as Legend Katavi finished speaking, the few people opposite him immediately opened their mouths wide in shock. What was it? Five overlord species pets??

“How is this possible!”

They looked at each other. Was this guy the descendant of a legendary Beast Tamer? Even as a group of super elites of the Ming Hua, each of them only had one or two pets of overlord races…

Five overlord races, this was something humans did???

When did overlord species pets become so common?

“I was also very surprised when I learned, but that’s the reality.” Legend Katavi sighed.

“Although it’s a telepathy talent, it’s not strange to reach this ranking with the race of his pets,” Legend Katavi said. “However, the focus you should pay attention to this time is not him, but the other Beast Tamers ranked higher.”

“Although this Shi Yu has the strongest potential among the few of them, his current strength is definitely still inferior to the others. Just pay attention and don’t let your guard down.”

“Kyro, Karen, Plash, Amir, Ayasha, do you hear me?” She looked at the five young people.

“Yes.” The few of them nodded and thought to themselves that it was scary. Dong Huang was really filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons… Fortunately, this Shi Yu was only 19 years old and only had a telepathy talent. Otherwise, this lineup of five overlord pets was crossing the line…

….

The next day.

Hundreds of people were gathered in the Demon Capital Arena.

This exchange activity was only publicized to the public, but the process was not publicized.

This was the request of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua.

After all, if everyone knew the abilities and tactics of their contestants, they would be very passive in a place like the world competition.

Although the chances of having a totem country undercover in Dong Huang were not high, it was better to be careful. The Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua was being extremely careful.

Therefore, there weren’t many spectators this time.

On the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua’s side, only two legendary Beast Tamers, Katavi and Fadir, and more than ten members of the exchange team were present.

As for the others in the Ming Hua exchange team, they went to start exchanges in different domains.

Among them, the titled legend “Nether King” headed to the capital not long after arriving at Dong Huang to discuss the world competition with the president of the Dong Huang Association.

As for Dong Huang, the representatives of the legendary Beast Tamers were also two people. They were the local legends, President Xia, and Director Zhong of the Sequence Competition Committee. They had almost the same guest lineup as in the National League.

Apart from them, there were hundreds of Dong Huang spectators present, including Dr. Zuo, Xia Qingwei, and the others, as well as the support of the various contestants. After all, it was home ground, so there were more spectators.

“It’s about time.” On the platform, Director Zhong smiled and looked at the two legends of Ming Hua. Then, both parties looked at the contestants in their respective seats.