Chapter 458 - Still Killing Indiscriminately (2)

“…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Seeing this, Xia Qingwei covered her forehead and couldn’t be bothered to introduce it anymore.

“Then I won’t go back to the banquet,” she said. After returning to the research institute, she found an opportunity to change the uncomfortable dress into a school uniform. She felt much more comfortable now. It was too troublesome to change back.

“Whatever.”

“However, don’t go yet. My parents just sent a message saying that they want to treat you to dinner.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu sighed. Eating again? In the past half a month, apart from adding points, he had only eaten.

…

In the evening.

Dr. Zuo left the banquet before President Xia, afraid that her daughter wouldn’t receive Shi Yu well. The last time Shi Yu came to Demon Capital to participate in the National League, the time was tight. Shi Yu also left in a hurry and they didn’t have time to entertain Shi Yu properly. This time, she had to personally cook to entertain Shi Yu no matter what.

She wanted to be a good host.

At night, Shi Yu regretted it a little. He understood that the world was a dangerous place…

At President Xia’s house, Shi Yu looked at the fried bamboo worm on the table. Fried golden cicada, egg steamed sea worm, scorpion soup… He felt a little dizzy.

Damn it, how could you bug-type researchers eat bugs?

This was no different from a dog lover eating dog meat.

In his previous life, he had never been so extravagant even when exploring deep in the mountains…

“Don’t worry about it, just treat it as your own home,” Dr. Zuo said with a smile.

Xia Qingwei: Hmm (`゚Д゚)゚

“Shiyu, I’ll add you to the exchange event tomorrow.” President Xia and Xia Qingwei looked very normal.

“Alright, thank you…” After a moment of silence, Shi Yu changed the topic.

“By the way, I wonder what the rules of the exchange competition are.”

Shi Yu had asked in advance to avoid missing the replication opportunity tomorrow because he didn’t understand the rules.

“The rules are very simple. Usually, this kind of exchange activity is solo.”

“Group battles consume too much energy for Beast Tamers, especially for Beast Tamers who want to strengthen the strengthening talent of multiple pets in one go. It’s very easy for accidents to happen in battle.”

“Therefore, tomorrow’s exchange between Dong Huang and Ming Hua will be a 3VS3 solo. Generally speaking, Beast Tamers at this level rarely have any bias. Those who are good in team battles are also good in solo battles.” President Xia smiled.

“Also, this exchange activity will actually also reposition the ranking according to the performance of the contestants Dong Huang represents. If you want to charge at the ranking of the Sequence Battle, you can indeed perform well this time. Director Zhong of the Sequence Battle Committee will still go as a guest this time.”

“I see.” Shi Yu nodded.

However, this way, it was best for him to go on stage as soon as possible tomorrow. Otherwise, if the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow was killed by other Beast Tamers of Dong Huang in advance, he wouldn’t have a chance to fight. It would be pretty sad, and he didn’t want to find another way. It was best to completely achieve his goal tomorrow. After that, he would directly go to Dragon Palace City to avoid wasting time.

Moreover, he had to leave Chi Tong to that Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow.

After all, the condition for replicating a skill was to see the other party use the skill and touch it within 30 minutes.

In the 1VS1 solo situation, regardless of whether Shi Yu sent Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, or Susu, it was not easy for him to naturally touch the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow.

On the other hand, if he sent Chi Tong to fight the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow, he could become the main force of the battle after Chi Tong possessed him. This way, it would be easier to touch the enemy.

“These Beast Tamers from the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua are very strong. They should be the best of the younger generation in their country. They’re different from the Beast Tamers you encountered previously. Let Old Xia tell you their basic information later. You can also watch the battles of the others tomorrow,” Dr. Zuo said. “For example, Heavenly King Zou and the others from the Dark Club will also be at the scene tomorrow.”

In the eyes of Dr. Zuo and the others, Shi Yu was still a little young. Although he had started an exciting competition with Gao Xuan in the National League, Gao Xuan was only a level-five Beast Tamer after all. Moreover, he had a non-combat-type strengthening talent. However, this group of people was completely different. They all had combat-type talent, were older, had stronger pets, and had higher levels.

“Aunt Zuo, don’t worry.”

“Alright, eat quickly. The bugs are getting cold.”

Shi Yu : “…”

Shi Yu sighed and picked up the fried cicadas that he could accept. He didn’t know the taste of other things, but this should be edible.

…

In the building where the Ming Hua exchange team lived.

At night, in a conference room.

Legend Katavi, who was in charge of tomorrow’s exchange, looked at the three men and two women below and also prepared information about tomorrow’s exchange for them.

“Tomorrow, you will represent the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua to carry out the first exchange battle with the seven contestants of Dong Huang.”

“Although you have fewer people and they have more people, the more pets you can defeat, the richer the resources you can obtain from your country and Dong Huang. Therefore, everyone, be prepared to take turns fighting. We will prepare sufficient supplements.”

“In order to choose the contestants of the World Tournament, Dong Huang specially launched a ranking competition called the Sequence Battle. To a certain extent, the ranking of this competition represents the strength of their contestants.”

“The seven Beast Tamers who will fight you this time are respectively ranked sixth, tenth, thirteenth, fifteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-second in the Sequence battle.”

“Although their rankings are generally not high, the overall strength of Dong Huang is a little stronger than ours. For example, the top four of their Sequence Battle are all legendary Beast Tamers, while we only have one legend under the age of 30. Moreover, we don’t have any peers this time, so you all should probably understand the value of this ranking.”