Chapter 455 - Dragon Mother Giving Treasures (2)

In recent years, Dong Huang’s breakthrough in the feeding field was not small…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Excuse me, which Feeding Master developed this result? Is he here?”

“I wonder if he has studied our Ming Hua’s ‘Black Velvet Worm’.”

The Black Velvet Worm was actually similar to the Green Silkworm. It was Ming Hua’s unique pet.

Between the two of them, there was a small robot flying with the translation system. It was in charge of synchronizing the mental perception translation.

“He didn’t arrive.”

“But you should be more unfamiliar with him. Before this, he was only a new student in a university. He was only 19 years old and not a famous Feeder. He was very young, so he shouldn’t have studied the Black Velvet Worm,” Dr. Zuo said with a smile. As soon as she finished speaking, the Ming Hua Feeder opposite her was even more shocked. What? 19 years old?

“He can have such results at the age of 19. Is he a genius??” The Ming Hua Feeder was shocked.

Beside them stood a girl in a white dress. When the girl and President Xia, who were not far away, heard the black-skinned auntie’s shocked voice, they muttered in their hearts.

If they knew that this guy who developed the Green Silkworm cocoon was an archeologist, that the feeding results were just casually produced, and that he had even evolved a spatial overlord race butterfly through this method, wouldn’t their jaws drop?

“Sorry, I have to take this call.” At this moment, President Xia, who was communicating with Legend Ming Hua, suddenly apologized.

“It’s alright.” Legend Katavi smiled, indicating that it was fine.

After President Xia picked up the phone, he was clearly stunned.

He never expected that just as his wife finished bragging about Shi Yu, this guy would call him.

Shi Yu… Why was he calling him?

The two of them actually didn’t have much interaction.

“Hello, President Xia. I’m Shi Yu.”

“Shi Yu, what’s the matter?” President Xia found it strange.

“I heard that the exchange team of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua has arrived in Demon Capital. There’s still an exchange battle event held in the Demon Capital Arena tomorrow. Isn’t that so? Well, I’m also in Demon Capital now. Is it too late to register for the exchange battle event now?”

Ah, this!

President Xia was stunned. So that was the reason.

However, Shi Yu had just finished the National League. How long had it been? Why did he suddenly target the Beast Tamer of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua?

In fact, in President Xia’s eyes, Shi Yu wasn’t someone who liked to fight.

If he loved to fight, why didn’t he register for the battle department instead of the archeology department?

If he loved to fight, why had he not challenged anyone from the sequence ranking?

Although Shi Yu was indeed very strong, President Xia was still slightly stunned when Shi Yu suddenly came to ask him about this.

“It’s not late, but… are you sure you want to come?”

If he remembered correctly, Shi Yu was still a level-five Beast Tamer.

Although he and Gao Xuan were freaks at the top of the Sequence, and their strength was not necessarily inferior to top-notch masters, the five contestants of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua were not simple.

Their strength could definitely be ranked in the top ten of the younger generation under the age of 30 in the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua.

Among the five reserve contestants of the World Tournament that Ming Hua had come to Dong Huang for this battle exchange, there were two top-notch masters at the quasi legendary level and three ordinary top-notch masters. Clearly, they were core contestants of Ming Hua.

Although it was called a reserve now, if nothing unexpected happened, it would basically represent Ming Hua in the world competition.

He wasn’t surprised that Heavenly King Zou and the other top-notch masters of the Sequence would fight, but was Shi Yu really going to come?

Although Shi Yu could kill indiscriminately in the National League, the individual competition contestants of the National League were only university students in their early twenties after all. These students were only the weakest batch in the master-level domain. Just because Shi Yu and Gao Xuan could kill these student masters indiscriminately didn’t mean that they could defeat the real world competition contestants whose strength was enough to rank in the top ten of Ancient Ming Hua.

These people had cultivated for at least five years more than them.

“Yes, I’m just going to broaden my horizons…”

“Alright…” President Xia pondered for a moment and said,” By the way, do you have a place to stay in Demon Capital? There are banquets here from now to night. Do you want to come over? Why don’t I get Qingwei to pick you up? ”

“It’s alright, there’s no need…”

“No need to be polite. Qingwei…” In the hall, President Xia called Xia Qingwei, who was quietly drinking milk tea at the side and was not interested in communicating with the young people of the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua, and said, “Come here for a while, you go and fetch someone. ”

“Huh?” Xia Qingwei raised her head and looked at her father with a puzzled expression.

“Pick up a person?”

“Who is it?” Xia Qingwei was unwilling. It was finally the holidays. It was fine if she couldn’t rest and was pulled to participate in the banquet, but why was there a mission?

“Shi Yu.”

Xia Qingwei was stunned, then said, “Oh… Okay.”

President Xia quickly explained to Xia Qingwei.

Then, he smiled at Legend Katavi opposite him and said, “It’s a Beast Tamer who suddenly wants to participate in the battle exchange tomorrow.”

“Oh, oh.” Legend Katavi smiled.

He was very curious about the strength of this batch of Dong Huang’s younger generation.

Although this was a rare national exchange opportunity, and the most important thing was economic trade, because the World Tournament was imminent, this battle exchange was also very valued by the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua.

Apart from testing the strength of the contestants in the world competition, it could also let the contestants go to various places to see different pets. This was more conducive to their survival in the world competition.

After all, the pet races in various regions were still very different.