Chapter 476 - Ruins Left Behind By The Space Emperor

A few days later.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu had been enjoying himself in Dragon Palace City for several days. In the past few days, he had been very happy to be served delicious food every meal.

Apart from that, Buggy was also very happy, because it went to the Dragon God Statue to visualize for a few days.

This time, after breaking through to the monarch level and visualizing it after having a medium will, Buggy clearly obtained more benefits than before.

Its normal energy level had reached 4.21 million. Although it was still pitifully low, it was a huge breakthrough for itself.

Apart from that, the proficiency of the Dragon of Imagination had also reached expert level. It was much faster than letting Shi Yu increase his points. Although super skills were the most difficult skills to train, it wasn’t impossible to quickly increase them when the proficiency was low.

For example, the “memory crystal” sent by Dong Huang was a cultivation tool that quickly increased the proficiency of the super skill Water Element Control. There was also the source of life skill of the ginseng baby. It could also quickly increase proficiency by using a large number of resources to strengthen life force.

Various skill teachers had cultivation methods to quickly increase skill proficiency.

The Dragon God Statue was clearly a visualization object with a very obvious effect on the increase in the Dragon of Imagination’s skill. After all, this was a training venue specially chosen by the Dragon God for Buggy. It was to let Shi Yu quickly charge into the training venue chosen by the legend. The effect couldn’t be bad.

“I really want to raise you in Dragon Palace City…” Shi Yu muttered. There was no one else with this cultivation speed. Although this greedy behavior was not very good, it saved him trouble.

“Wu wu wu.” Buggy shook its head crazily. No, it felt that the visualization effect had decreased again. It was purely the visualization effect caused by breaking through to the monarch level and the breakthrough in willpower. Compared to staying here to visualize, it was still more concerned about the legendary Dragon Ball and the “Ultimate Absorption” that Shi Yu had taken away.

“Forget it, let’s go. We’ve stayed long enough.”

On this trip to Dragon Palace City, he had taken a pile of tentacle whiskers of the Vortex Totem and even obtained a legendary Dragon Ball, a top-notch defensive tool, and let Buggy’s Dragon of Imagination reach expert level. At this moment, under the strengthening of the Dragon of Imagination, Buggy’s energy level could instantly reach ten million. Unlike the increase of Eleven and Chi Tong, Buggy’s increase would almost never cause any damage. If it was in the field of imagination, the increase would be even higher.

As for Susu’s three new high-level skills, as they were eating while lazing around and adding points, all of them had reached transcendent level and could be considered evenly matched.

Among them, only the Star Sea skill was worth mentioning, because it was extremely deceptive. In the mystic realm of Dragon Palace City, Susu didn’t have the ability to recover his energy with the power of the water element from outer space at all. It was like having a water-proof wall. From entry level to perfection, it was all trash skills. It couldn’t sense the corresponding power, and it was similar to the skill of absorbing sunlight.

Only after reaching transcendent did the sea of stars become a little useful. Even in the mystic realm space, it could feel the power of the water element outside, although it was only a little.

On this day, Shi Yu and the gem cat had already planned to leave Dragon Palace City. After all, they couldn’t stay on this side forever. It was mainly because the Vortex Demon Beast’s whiskers had almost been finished. They had to let the Vortex Demon Beast regenerate longer.

When they heard that Shi Yu and the others were leaving, the Ice Dragon King, the Sea Dragon King, and the others immediately sent Shi Yu and the others off!

…

“Wuu.” After a long time, Shi Yu and the gem cat finally came out of the sea.

After coming out and seeing the real blue sky, they immediately felt refreshed.

“Cat, let’s go back to the ancient capital,” Shi Yu shouted. “That kid An Chang’s vocation assessment seems to have started. I still want to see his performance.”

“Ah, return to the ancient capital?” The gem cat was stunned. “Aren’t you going to the Space Capital to take a look? Didn’t I say that a ruin appeared there previously?”

Shi Yu: “!!!”

The gem cat showed a disdainful expression and said, “How are you an archeologist? Are the ruins no longer attractive to you?”

Shi Yu’s expression darkened. “I forgot. There are many ruins. The Mythical Ruins corresponding to the ruins crystal and the Phoenix Race ruins mentioned by the Undying Dark Phoenix are all more attractive, but we can’t go there at the moment.”

“Wait, maybe I can go take a look at the Phoenix Race ruins when I’m free. You’re also at the totem level. Now, you still have the protective equipment gifted by the Dragon God… When the time comes, I’ll call Mother Dragon along…”

The gem cat’s eyes lit up and felt that it was alright.

“Besides, isn’t Dong Huang also planning to establish an exchange team and go to the other six countries? We can still hitch a ride.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“At that time, there will definitely be Titled Legends and many Legends leading the team.”

“Then it’s settled!” The gem cat nodded crazily.

“It’s a deal.”

Shi Yu took out his cell phone and subconsciously glanced at the time. Then, he discovered a pile of missed messages.

He first flipped through them one by one before being stunned.

“What’s wrong?” the gem cat asked.

“Wu…” Shi Yu’s expression gradually turned serious.

“I think we can ignore that kid, An Chang. When the time comes, we can just casually look at his news on the Internet. We indeed have to go to this Kong Capital…”

“Huh?”

“The ruins that appeared in the Kong Capital… Principal Feng sent me a message to say that it’s a trial-type ruin left behind by the Kong Emperor.” Shi Yu turned to look at the gem cat and said, “That legendary Emperor Kong left it behind.”

“What!” The gem cat was shocked.

Emperor Kong?

No wonder the spatial attainments of the owner of the ruins were above its ability to run away. It was actually the Space Emperor.

“What’s the situation in the ruins there?” the gem cat asked.

Shi Yu continued to browse the information. Then, combined with the new archeological discoveries in the country that had been updated on the archeological index, he kept summarizing.

“The ruins are trial-type ruins. It’s similar to the one I cracked in Ping Cheng. There is a guardian in the ruins. Beast Tamers who enter can fight the guardian.”

“According to the guardian, those who can defeat it can learn a secret left behind by the Space Emperor. It’s also an inheritance that concerns the starry sky.”

“Only those below the legendary overlord level can enter the ruins space… Senior Lu is also there, but so far, even Senior Lu hasn’t been able to defeat the guardian. No Beast Tamer in the past has been able to defeat the guardian.”

“It’s related to the starry sky?” the gem cat said in surprise.

Shi Yu looked up at the starry sky and was also very surprised.

“Is there any other information?”

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “This ruins space is very special. Before and after every challenge, the challenger can prepare for a period of time. Then, the Beast Tamer who enters realized that the meditation speed in this ruins space is almost several times faster than in the outside world.”

“Senior Lu even determined that the efficiency of meditation in this ruins space is even faster than legendary ruins. As expected of ruins modified by the Space Emperor.”

“Unfortunately, the time one can stay is still too short. Only the Beast Tamer recognized by the guardian who is qualified to defeat it can stay inside longer.”

Shi Yu’s gaze flickered. Increase in meditation efficiency? Even if this wasn’t related to the Space Emperor, he had to take a look.

Secretary Ling kept urging him all day, almost making his ears calluses.

He would directly explore a ruin and break through in two to three days. He would directly display an unscientific breakthrough speed and see what it was like.

“No wonder you’re so excited,” the gem cat muttered.

“Is there any other information?”

“Well… Yes. Do you know why this ruin appeared in Kong Capital?” Shi Yu looked at the gem cat.

The gem cat was stunned. “I don’t know. When I saw it, it had already appeared.”

Shi Yu said, “According to the judgment, the Space Emperor Ruins might have been accidentally summoned by a Beast Tamer with the talent to listen to history. However, this Beast Tamer isn’t a member of Bureau 11. So far, Bureau 11 hasn’t found any traces of him or her…”

“It’s not on the updated information in the archeological index. I don’t know the specifics.”

“In other words, another archeological genius like me is going to appear in Dong Huang…”

“The initial ruins summoned by this person is the Space Emperor Ruins. This guy has something. He’s even fiercer than me back then.” Shi Yu sighed. He had only summoned a ruin left behind by a legendary Beast Tamer and the Dream Shell, unlocking the main storyline of the Frost Dragon, General Mu Huiyin. This guy was good, directly creating the Space Emperor Ruins. It was an epic-level dungeon.

“Ancient Capital University will love this.” the gem cat said.

“What if it’s a 70 to 80-year-old old man?”

“…”

“Forget it, let’s not care so much. Let’s go to Kong Capital to take a look at the situation first. Senior Lu has also come out and is over there. There’s also Principal Feng and Grandma Li.”

“Let’s go, let’s go.” The gem cat grinned anxiously and said, “Do you think there can be spatial gemstones inside…”

…

A storm was brewing in the capital, but business elsewhere had to be carried out.

Ancient Capital.

The examiner team led by Master Qu Jie was carrying out the wilderness survival trial of the vocation assessment in Ancient Capital with the help of the Eye of Heaven.

“This year is the last vocation assessment presided over in the ancient capital… After that, we’ll go to the capital,” Master Qu Jie sighed.

The promotion came too quickly.

“Master Qu Jie, why do I feel that there’s something wrong with that super dark horse this year…” Suddenly, an examiner shouted.

“What’s wrong?”

“Look at the editing of the Eye of Heaven.”

Master Qu Jie hurriedly came over and looked at the video.

In the video, a young boy was holding a wooden spear and riding a monarch race sea dragon. He directly stabbed out with a “spear light”. A cold light enveloped a hundred meters and easily defeated the enemy in front of him.

Although he wasn’t holding a wooden sword, Master Qu Jie and the other examiners felt that this scene was similar. “…”

“He has the Fusion Talent. It’s quite normal for him to fight alone…” Master Qu Jie said.

“That’s the problem. He’s not in a fusion state now. The special effects of the spear light are all simulated by the pet… Isn’t this like taking off his pants to fart? Isn’t it unnecessary? It’s better to just directly let the pet fight.”

“Master Qu Jie… He’s not the only one like this. He’s relatively normal. Look at this Pig Knight and this Dog Knight. They all let their pets pull special effects in their own battles as they fight on their own… The geniuses this year are a little abnormal.”

Eye of Heaven: nodding crazily. It felt that it was most likely the fault of the Iron-eating Beast Knight last year. One person became popular and everyone followed suit.

Master Qu Jie looked up at the sky. “…I don’t care. In any case, I’m about to be promoted. The future of the ancient capital is in your hands…”