Chapter 473 - Susu Didn'T Stand Up

The matter of pulling in investment had temporarily come to an end.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu planned to give Ice Dragon sufficient time to consider.

This deal was definitely worth it.

During the time they were in Dragon Palace City, it wouldn’t be too late for the legendary resources to be sent over.

He hoped that Mother Long could understand quickly. If she missed this opportunity, there wouldn’t be another one.

Shi Yu temporarily settled down in Dragon Palace City and waited for his meal.

As for Ice Dragon and Gem Cat, they went to see the situation of the Vortex Totem.

If the whiskers of a totem-level magical beast were to be fresh, they had to be removed at the last minute.

This was not easy to unload. The totem dragon kings needed to personally operate it.

Apart from that, cooking a totem was also very particular.

While waiting, Shi Yu couldn’t help but enter the ruins space to take a look at Susu’s situation.

This guy woke up in time. It was time for dinner.

In the space, on an island in the middle of the lake.

A water-blue jelly-like creature opened its dark blue eyes.

A powerful aura involuntarily emitted from its body.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Ling, who were doing different things in all directions of the ruins, raised their heads and looked in this direction.

“Damn it.”

Shi Yu also arrived above Lake Heart Island. He sensed the change in Susu and felt sad and excited.

He was excited that after Susu swallowed a pile of rare resources to evolve, it had indeed obtained relatively powerful skills.

However, the sad thing was that a pile of rare resources only allowed Susu to awaken a super racial skill, and it was a relatively ordinary super skill.

Shi Yu didn’t know if he had succeeded in this bet.

However, Shi Yu was quite gratified that it had woken up so quickly after sleeping for less than a month after swallowing so many resources.

It was probably thanks to the transcendent Absolute Sleep.

It was also possible that it was related to Susu’s overlord will, making it easier to evolve.

Otherwise, according to Shi Yu’s understanding, even if it was a pet that swallowed relatively ordinary resources and mastered Infinite Devour, it would have to sleep for a long, long time.

Swallowing resources that exceeded its level and sleeping for a year or two to digest was common. Susu was really fast.

“Ning!! (Sob, there’s only one super skill.)”

At this moment, Susu looked up at Shi Yu with tears in its eyes.

“It’s alright, we don’t lack resources. We’ll bet in the future.” Shi Yu smiled calmly.

< Name > Susu

[Race]: Mutated Water Slime

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[New Race Skill]:

“High level”: 1. Blizzard (Ice-element skill)

This skill was very unexpected for Shi Yu.

Because previously, Susu had basically awakened water-element racial skills. This was the first time it had awakened ice-element racial skills.

Shi Yu judged that this must have awakened after devouring the Ice Dragon Whiskers and a pile of Ice Dragon badges.

Initially, Shi Yu’s goal was the ice-element Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, but from the current outcome, it was completely wishful thinking.

Be it the Ice Dragon Whiskers or the Ice Dragon Badge, neither was enough for Susu to master racial skills like the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. In the end, it probably had to rely on the skill index or swallow a Dragon Mother.

Although this snowstorm could, like Rain Prayer, borrow the power of nature to change an area almost permanently into the corresponding natural forbidden zone, and was an ice-element ultimate move, it was not very useful to Susu.

However, it was better than nothing. Opening up the ice-element path was not bad either, laying the foundation for the future Heavenly Frost Cold Energy!

2. Star Sea (High-level water-element skill, can establish its own connection to the water-element star in the sky, and recover its energy through the power of the star).

This was probably converted from absorbing “water-element stars”.

From the looks of the effect, it was still a boring skill…

In the universe, water was widespread. That was right, but the nature of this skill was actually no different from Baby Ginseng’s storage beam, the skill that borrowed the power of the sun.

Borrowing natural power from the universe was definitely not faster than directly recovering physical fitness from the blue planet with natural energy. The recovery effect was probably inferior to the combination skill of rain and water elemental control.

Moreover, after Susu inherited the power of the Blue Sea Sprite, it could contract the sea through the “Blue Sea Contract” skill and obtain almost endless energy. The use of this skill was really not big.

However, unlike Blizzard and Star Sea skills, this was the first time Shi Yu had heard of them. There were no records in the index either.

Shi Yu still didn’t know what the effect of the sea of stars above transcendent proficiency would be. Perhaps he could look forward to the effect after filling it up. It was something he could look forward to in the future.

What if it could allow Susu to awaken the ability to “summon comets” and fish some “mutated water resources” from the universe to use…

3. Memory Water (High-level skill of both water and time, a water drop that can temporarily strengthen the memory ability of a life form!)

“With this, it won’t be a loss!”

If it was said that Shi Yu was not too excited about the effects of Blizzard and Star Sea skills, then when it came to the memory water drop, Shi Yu was simply overjoyed!

This skill was the same as the Time Fruit. Emperor Shi’s pet also knew it!!

Moreover, it was the skill mastered by the creator of the memory crystal!!

The effect of the memory water drop below perfect proficiency was to increase memory ability. This was actually very powerful.

To be able to directly turn a bad student into a genius, although it was only the kind of straightforward memorizing… Even so, it could make many people dream of having this skill.

Especially for feeders and Mechanics, it was very rare for them to be able to memorize a pile of knowledge firmly in their minds. Even if they didn’t know how to use it agilely, it was useful.

Moreover, this was only an ordinary effect. After the memory water droplet was trained to perfection, it was said that it could also give birth to branches of the ability to “wash away memories” and “memory transfer”.

Dong Huang’s water and time guardian used the derived ability of “memory transfer” to create a memory crystal.

The memory crystal recorded its experience in controlling the water element. It could be used by other water-type creatures to cultivate. It was a cultivation ability.

Moreover, with this skill, perhaps even if Susu reincarnated in the future, it could escape the fate of all its memories disappearing.

No matter what, it was also a rare time skill. Shi Yu looked forward to the effect of the memory water drop reaching the maximum level.

“Super level”:

Wave Cannon (Water-element super skill, can condense a water cannon containing wave power to attack).

The only super skill was most likely from the lowest-level elemental core.

“It’s alright,” Shi Yu said.

Although some skills were of the same level, under the same level, skills were indeed divided according to attributes, positioning, and effects. This was inevitable.

There were no trash pets, only trash Beast Tamers, no trash skills, only trash users. These words were all lies to children.

The Wave Cannon was relatively conventional among water-element super skills.

Fortunately, the Wave Cannon was only relatively ordinary. It was purely because Shi Yu and the others had seen too many super skills with stronger effects. Under normal circumstances, its power was not bad among water-type attack skills. However, it could only be used in battle, so its effect looked relatively simple.

In the short term, Shi Yu probably wouldn’t use this skill. He could only leave it to fate.

Normal Energy Points: 5.5 million

Susu had awakened a total of four new skills. Its energy level had even reached 5.5 million. This way, in Shi Yu’s team, only Buggy’s normal energy level had yet to reach 5 million. It was still struggling at 4 million.

“How do you feel?”

“Ning… (I feel that I’m still at the bottom of the team.)” Susu analyzed a little and widened its round eyes. It came to a conclusion and looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu : “…”

What could he do? The skills he gambled back were definitely not as strong as the skills specifically replicated…

Fortunately, it was a racial skill. After maxing out its energy level, it could become extremely high!

At least its energy level would completely crush Buggy!

If Susu wanted to stand up completely, it was better to wait until it obtained the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance. If Shi Yu wanted to tailor-make combination skills for it like Eleven and the others, he would definitely have to wait until it learned the two core skills of the Blue Sea Sprite and customize them around it. After all, this was Susu’s foundation. It was definitely stronger than researching combination skills around other skills.