Chapter 483 - Archeologists Who Don'T Want To Be Mechanics Aren'T Good Archeologists (4)

Therefore, this Fang Lan was most likely related to the Space Emperor Ruins.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Could it be that their family is an anti-fan of the Space Emperor?” Shi Yu deduced.

Lu Qingyi: “What did you say?”

“Nevermind…” Shi Yu said.

“There are too many possibilities. For example, this Fang Lan is interested in the history of the Space Emperor. For example, this Fang Lan is actually a descendant of the Space Emperor. For example, this Fang Lan obtained a certain Space Emperor relic. It’s possible.”

Lu Qingyi judged.

That was indeed more reliable than the anti-fan of the Space Emperor. Shi Yu smiled. Soon, they arrived at the reception room of the Space Capital Mechanical College.

At this moment, Fang Lan herself and Fang Lan’s parents, two famous professors from Kong Capital University, were already waiting here.

Outside the reception room.

“Dr. Lu, Master Shi Yu.”

As Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu approached, Professor Fang, who was waiting outside the door, immediately went forward.

Both Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu were not weaker than him, so he naturally had to use honorifics.

At the moment when Shi Yu reached Sequence rank 11, his strength had already exceeded most of the mentors and professors of the nine major universities.

“Hello, Professor Fang,” Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu also greeted.

“I wonder why Dr. Lu and Master Shi Yu are looking for our family,” Professor Fang said with a puzzled expression.

He couldn’t imagine how his family could be related to Shi Yu and the others.

“Please come in and sit.”

Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu smiled and entered the room together.

At the same time, they saw a mother and daughter who looked similar. Shi Yu and the others immediately recognized that one was Professor Fang’s wife, Professor Liu Jie, and the other was the daughter of both parties, their target, the Mechanic genius of a high school student, Fang Lan.

As Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu entered, the atmosphere in the room immediately became reserved. Fang Lan even swallowed her saliva and looked at her number one target nervously. She didn’t expect Shi Yu to be even more handsome than on television.

What should she do? What should she do? She looked at the energetic Shi Yu. What if she defeated Shi Yu in the future and he became dispirited and not handsome anymore?

“Dr. Lu, Master Shi Yu, hello,” Professor Liu said.

“Hello.”

“Actually, we came mainly to ask Student Fang Lan.” Lu Qingyi smiled warmly and looked at Fang Lan like a big sister next door. “Has anything strange happened to her recently?”

“Strange thing?” Father Fang and Mother Fang were stunned.

They all looked at Fang Lan, and Fang Lan was also stunned.

If there was something strange about her recently, it might be the strange dream she had recently.

“Apart from the fact that she is under more pressure to study and hasn’t been resting well or having nightmares the past few days, it shouldn’t be anything,” Professor Liu said.

“Nightmare? Can you tell me in detail?” Lu Qingyi asked.

“When I sleep at night, my dreams are very frequent, and my ears are buzzing,” Fang Lan said.

“Do you remember the contents of the dream?”

“I had some impression when I first woke up, but I don’t remember it now. It doesn’t seem to have anything to do with me, so I didn’t deliberately remember it,” Fang Lan said nervously. “Excuse me, did something happen to me?”

“Am I cursed by someone…”

“Don’t be nervous… Do you remember the first time you dreamed?” Lu Qingyi said helplessly.

Why would anyone curse a middle school student?

Fang Lan nodded and answered, “I woke up around 3 AM five days ago…”

Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu looked at each other.

This time was shockingly identical to the first time that spatial fluctuations appeared in the Space Emperor Ruins, producing a sign of descent.

It should be this little girl.

That’s right.

However, this seemed to be the first time someone had heard the Voice of History while sleeping.

“Did something happen to Little Lan?” At this moment, Professor Fang saw that Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu seemed to have really come for something important. He immediately said nervously.

“Don’t worry first,” Lu Qingyi said. “Perhaps it’s not a bad thing.”

“Four days ago, a ruin appeared in a certain place in the Kong Capital. This news might not have spread widely,” Lu Qingyi said. “We determine that the reason for the descent of the ruin this time might be related to Fang Lan.”

Ruins? Father Fang and Mother Fang also looked at each other. They really knew that something seemed to have happened at the Myriad Mountain. After all, the archeology Department of Kong Capital University had also made a move.

“But it’s related to her?” Mentor Fang was at a loss. “What’s going on?…”

Lu Qingyi took out her Bureau 11 identification.

“Homeland Ruins Strategic Investigation and Backup Security Bureau”, Lu Qingyi.

“She has a telepathy talent.”

“Under normal circumstances, this talent can only communicate with life forms.”

“However, there are exceptions to everything.”

“Some dead things that carry the faith, belief, will, and emotions of many life forms can also give birth to ‘spirits’ after undergoing the baptism of time.”

“Especially some ruins and mystic realm spaces.”

“‘Spirit’ is an ethereal concept that has nothing to do with life, spirit, heart, and soul. The archeological world calls it ‘traces of history’.”

“This kind of mark records historical scenes. Only a very small number of people with special talent can hear it.”

“Therefore, the archeology world also calls Beast Tamers who have mastered such a gift of telepathy ‘those who can listen to the Voice of History’.”

“The members of Bureau 11, including me and Shi Yu, are all special telepathy talents. After some investigation, Fang Lan might also have a similar talent. Moreover, the ruins that appeared in Kong Du a few days ago were summoned because she accidentally listened to the Voice of History in her dream.”