Chapter 485 - Archeologists Who Don'T Want To Be Mechanics Aren'T Good Archeologists (6)

Professor Fang looked at Fang Lan. In fact, the most important thing was still Fang Lan’s own thoughts.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But with their understanding of Fang Lan, she definitely wouldn’t give up on the Mechanic class that they had built for ten years to come into contact with a new field.

“Even so…” Fang Lan fell into deep thought.

“I don’t want to give up on the Mechanic class either. Archeology…” Fang Lan was stunned. She didn’t have a deep concept of this. The deepest concept was that Shi Yu had discovered the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast through archeology and the heroic spirit of General Mu Huiyin.

But these couldn’t be replicated, and compared to archeologists, Mechanics clearly brought greater changes to this world.

Legend had it that when the Space Emperor wanted to explore the starry sky of the universe, he spent a lot of effort and even lost his life. However, modern Mechanics could even let an ordinary person ascend to the starry sky.

“I might not invest my main energy in archeology,” she said softly. “I still want to become a Mechanic…”

Lu Qingyi had a slight headache. It was indeed difficult to deal with. Forget it, leave it to Shi Yu.

“Actually, there’s no need to be conflicted. There are still many benefits from Bureau 11.”

“I believe you won’t refuse after you understand it.” Shi Yu smiled at the little girl.

“For example, after passing the official assessment of Bureau 11, you can get a pet of an especially rare race.”

Fang Lan looked at him like he was a fool. She wasn’t a three-year-old child anymore…

Moreover, it wasn’t like she couldn’t contract a rare pet, unless it was an overlord species pet.

“Overlord race?” she asked.

“The level of the overlord race is too high. You can’t contract it even if I give it to you,” Shi Yu said. “However, they do have the potential to grow into overlord races.”

Shi Yu didn’t say anything about the benefits of 10 million starting funds. A house in Kong Capital was more than 10 million. This temptation was useful to him at the start, but it was meaningless to the other party.

He had to treat the problem appropriately!

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he communicated with the ruins space and summoned the mechanical Tyrant Dragon raised by the Mechanical Research Institute.

Buzz!!

As a spatial wave flickered, a mechanical pet appeared.

“Roar!!!”

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon appeared for the second time!

Just like the expressions of Principal Feng and the others when they saw the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, the expressions of the three from the Fang family were even more stunned.

Because of the unique appearance of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, they recognized it at a glance. It was a “biological modification machine”.

However, it was different.

This was because biological modification machinery had to surround “creatures”, but wasn’t this creature that was under machinery… the Tyrant Dragons in the movies? The T-Rexes? Weren’t these already extinct overlord creatures? How could they appear here! And they were successfully modified by machinery!!

“Lie down.” Shi Yu’s command made the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, which had wanted to get excited again, immediately lie down aggrieved.

“This is the result of a mechanical Tyrant Dragon extracting the Tyrant Dragon Phantom from an ancient fossil and transforming it into a mechanical life form.”

“This is a technological method developed by a genius member of Bureau 11 to observe the history of the dinosaur era. It can revive ancient lives. Even the fourth bureau hasn’t mastered this. It’s exclusive to Bureau 11.”

“The mechanical ancient pet that was revived from the fossil can also inherit the racial skills of the original body. It can be said to have established the third major mechanical system other than ‘smart life’ and ‘biological modification’. We call it ‘machinery phantom beast’.”

“If it’s using a Mythical fossil to revive, it’s not impossible to create a demigod-level mechanical phantom beast that’s comparable to a forbidden weapon. The third system is worthy of its name.”

“For example, it’s not impossible for this mechanical Tyrant Dragon to continue mechanical modification and upgrade to become an overlord race and recreate the style of an ancient overlord. If it’s an official member of Bureau 11, the bureau can gift a similar ancient mechanical life form to become an archeological partner,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

As soon as he finished speaking, Fang Lan, Professor Fang, and Professor Liu were already looking at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon in front of them in a daze.

They didn’t hear much of what Shi Yu said, but the special mechanical life form in front of them made the family of three widen their eyes and reveal incomprehensible expressions.

What… Extracting the phantom of an ancient creature from a fossil and transforming it into a real mechanical ancient life form to study the ancient situation?

Was this Bureau 11’s archeological method?

Are they really from the archeological Bureau and not the Mechanical Bureau?

“This… Which senior from Bureau 11 developed it?” Father Fang’s eyes were red.

This was an epoch-making research result.

“Cough.” Shi Yu touched his nose and said, “You flatter me, sir.”

Everyone : “…”

Fang Lan, who was still a junior high school student, opened her mouth slightly and looked at Shi Yu with a confused expression.

Then, she looked at this unprecedented mechanical species.

“I know I’m very powerful.” Shi Yu coughed dryly.

But there was no need to look at him so worshipfully.

Little Fang Lan’s heart suffered a huge impact. The third major mechanical system apart from the “smart life form” and “biological modification”?

The weapon she wanted to develop to surpass Shi Yu was thrown in front of her by Shi Yu?

Reviving ancient creatures and Mythical creatures into mechanical phantom beasts sounded so handsome.

Wasn’t this the new mechanical field she was pursuing compared to the existing mechanical system?

She immediately panicked. Was he an archeologist or a Mechanic?

The little kid was confused.

She gradually lost the ability to think.

Beside him, Lu Qingyi looked helpless.

Damn it, Shi Yu was pretending again.

“Lanlan…” Professor Fang and Professor Liu were also speechless. What were they waiting for? The truth had already proven that an outstanding archeologist was definitely an outstanding Mechanic!

Father Fang and Mother Fang couldn’t wait anymore. When their daughter passed Bureau 11’s assessment and contracted an ancient mechanical pet, they could study their daughter’s pet.

Bureau 11 was not bad. Their daughter was simply extremely lucky to be able to go to a place where geniuses like Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi went. What else was there to be picky about?

Fang Lan pursed her lips and looked at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon that was also staring at her. She said to Shi Yu, “You, you really developed it?”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Of course.”

Ling was cultivated by him, and his mechanical pets were researched by him. There was nothing wrong with him researching them.

“But aren’t you an archeologist?”

“Why can’t archeologists know machinery? I even know feeding, have you seen the Feeding Conference…”

Fang Lan : “…”

She felt that her understanding had been ravaged by Shi Yu.

She couldn’t still be in a nightmare, right?

“How is it? Are you interested in Bureau 11 now?” Shi Yu asked.

Before long, mechanical ancient pets could be wholesale… This would be nothing new.

Fang Lan almost started crying.

“But I don’t want to give up the Mechanic class either.”

She didn’t want to give up the Mechanic class, but she also wanted the mechanical ancient pet.

Studying new systems was the dream of every Mechanic.

Shi Yu said, “There’s no hurry. You can take all of them. I can give you some memory water droplets. It’s very fast to memorize things. At that time, it might not be impossible for you to join the research of mechanical ancient pets. There are many directions in archeology. The combination of archeology and machinery might be a new direction. I think very highly of you.”

Archeologists who didn’t want to be Mechanics weren’t good archeologists. He felt that this Fang Lan had a very bright future!!!

Fang Lan nodded in excitement and anticipation. Surpass Shi Yu? Surpass what? Surpass who? She only knew that the mechanical Tyrant Dragon looked so fragrant!

From today onwards, she was Shi Yu’s fan!

“Professor Fang, Professor Liu, if you’re also interested in the future, you can come to Ancient Capital University to find me at any time.”

Professor Fang and Professor Liu’s eyes also lit up.

“We will.”

Lu Qingyi: So… who exactly is the one looking for an assistant?

At the same time, the principal of Kong Capital University, who was outside the ruins of the Space Emperor of the Myriad Mountain, sneezed heavily… Principal Feng of Ancient Capital University appeared from nowhere. He walked over and patted his shoulder with emotion. “Old friend, the weather is cold. Wear more.”

“Feng, why do I feel like you have ulterior motives?”