Chapter 480 - Archeologists Who Don'T Want To Be Mechanics Aren'T Good Archeologists

In the conference room.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Five members of Bureau 11 gathered.

After discovering that he had a new historical talent, Principal Feng decisively wanted to poach him to Ancient Capital University.

Strike the iron while it was hot and build Ancient Capital University into a super institute comparable to Imperial Capital and Demon Capital University!

As for Lu Qingyi, she also decided to take action personally.

However, from the information provided by Principal Feng, the other party might not be as easy to deceive as Shi Yu back then.

Back then, Shi Yu was born an orphan and was covered in debts. He was even interested in archeology and had experienced the beatings of society. He knew that living off a woman was much more profitable.

Even if it was just ten million yuan, for Shi Yu, forget about archeologists, he could even continue to go to the Feeding Base to be a poop picker.

However, this newbie was different. He was still underage and had a superior family. He definitely wasn’t as realistic as Shi Yu in terms of material things. In terms of mental strength, he might not necessarily be interested in the archeological field. After all, he liked the Mechanic class.

If he wanted to persuade others to study archeology, it wasn’t a matter of convincing one person, but a family.

The other party’s father, a professor of Mechanics at Kong Capital University… A top-notch Mechanical Master. It was said that he was a candidate for the next dean of the Mechanical College of the University. His mother was also a Mechanical Master, a professor at the same University… Even his grandparents were Mechanics.

Of course, Lu Qingyi didn’t feel that it was too difficult. After all, Bureau 11’s status was here.

If he was given a chance to enter Bureau 11, would he not want to?

Shi Yu was already so rich now, but he still wanted to add up the thirteen bureaus and earn a living from all of them.

However, Lu Qingyi also knew that persuading him to join was not the goal. The goal was to let him sincerely step into the archeological field.

“Help? How do you want to help?” Lu Qingyi said.

“Forget it, forget it.”

Upon hearing Shi Yu say that he wanted to help her pull in newbies, Lu Qingyi rejected.

It was fine as long as Shi Yu didn’t cause trouble. She was afraid that Shi Yu would give the newbie some wrong lead role.

Even the members of Bureau 11 had to understand most of the historical situation according to a pile of clues before they had a chance to listen to the Voice of History.

However, according to Lu Qingyi’s judgment, Shi Yu didn’t seem to need to do this at all.

The number of times he successfully listened to it could already be ranked in the top three in Bureau 11. In just a year, it exceeded the results of many seniors for decades.

If a newbie came into contact with Shi Yu and thought that he could listen to history like him successfully and easily, it would be useless if he didn’t study hard.

He couldn’t learn from Shi Yu. Shi Yu was a freak! It was better to take it slow and steady.

Not everyone could achieve results in various fields like Shi Yu. Generally speaking, specialization was more stable.

“Perhaps there will be a miraculous effect if Shi Yu goes. According to what I know, those young Mechanics worship Gao Xuan. Shi Yu defeated Gao Xuan in the National League. Doesn’t this mean that archeologists have a better future than Mechanics?” Dr. Chen Yuan laughed.

“Speaking of which, after Dean Hao’s granddaughter from the Mechanical College watched the National League, she kept complaining about giving up being a mechanic. Haha, Dean Hao has muttered to me many times,” Principal Feng said.

Shi Yu grinned and said, “There’s no need, no need.”

“Archeologists and Mechanics don’t conflict.”

“There’s no need to make the little girl choose in a dilemma. What era are we in now? You should make her ‘have it all’ happily before she really likes the archeological field.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu’s words confused the few big shots.

“What do you mean?” Senior Lu asked.

What was he trying to do again?

Shi Yu said, “Think about it, isn’t Grandma Li researching ancient fossils?”

Grandma Li smiled and nodded.

“If using mechanical technology can transform the process of researching ancient fossils into a method that can strengthen the strength of Beast Tamers, wouldn’t this be a perfect combination of archeology and machinery?”

“For example, extracting traces of ancient creatures from fossils and reviving them through technological methods. In this way, not only can they understand ancient history better through reviving them, but they, who have been revived by technology, can also be equivalent to a different kind of mechanical pet for Mechanics to contract. A new mechanical pet system can also be born. These mechanical pets might have skills and abilities that have been lost. They can definitely create huge innovation in the existing Beast Taming Domain.”

“Here, killing two birds with one stone. You’ve both done archeology and studied machinery.”

“At that time, mechanical technology will no longer be a tool purely to assist archeological research, but something that helps each other.”

Lu Qingyi, Principal Feng, and Dr. Chen : “…”

Why was this kid so delusional?

Grandma Li, who was studying fossils, had a strange expression. She vaguely remembered that Shi Yu had once asked her if the fossils could still be alive.

Why did Shi Yu’s question level up again?

“How is this possible…” Dr. Chen studied ancient legendary emperors and was a relatively traditional archeological Beast Tamer. Therefore, when he heard Shi Yu’s strange idea, he first felt that it was unbelievable.

But Lu Qingyi, who was beside him, suddenly froze as she thought of something very important.

Why was Shi Yu suddenly obsessed with the combination of archeology and machinery? She remembered that when Shi Yu was in Wu Ling City… he obtained an Awakening Mirror…

“Wait, don’t tell me you’ve already developed something,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Almost. Speaking of which, I have to thank Grandma Li’s Tyrant Dragon fossil…”