Chapter 486 - Mythical Revival (1)

Under the invitation of Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi, the 14-year-old girl, Fang Lan, joined Bureau 11 and became a reserve member.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

According to the tradition of Bureau 11, the reserve members needed to undergo a test to become official members of Bureau 11 and be given exclusive benefits such as a ruins space.

This process was also a process to further unearth the archeological talent of the newbies.

However, considering Fang Lan’s age, Shi Yu and the others couldn’t give her too difficult a mission from the start.

Back then, Shi Yu’s advancement mission was to crack the Ice Dragon Ruins with the Ping Cheng Ruins as a clue.

If it were Fang Lan, it would be letting her crack the Space Emperor Ruins. This was not a job for junior high school students at all.

She didn’t have spatial talent like Yin Zhengfan. At the age of 14, she hadn’t even successfully opened her Beast Taming Space.

After thinking about it, Shi Yu issued two relatively simple missions.

“There are two missions to advance to an official member. First, investigate why you can hear the voice of the Space Emperor Ruins.”

Fang Lan looked expectant.

“In two years, self-study all the theoretical knowledge in archeology and machinery from high school to university and obtain the corresponding certificate.”

Fang Lan: “?”

“After that, you can become an official member of Bureau 11. I’ll also distribute ancient mechanical phantom beasts to you.”

Fang Lan: “Two years… Damn it!”

“Of course, Bureau 11 will also provide some initial resources to the reserve members. I’ll provide you with a bottle of memory water later for you to learn how to use in the next two years.”

Fang Lan: “Ah…”

At the side, Professor Fang and Professor Liu had looks of envy. They also wanted the memory water drop!!!

This thing was simply a legendary resource for feeders and Mechanics!

Super resources that could mass-produce feeding geniuses and mechanical geniuses!

Not only could it be used on pets, but it could also be used on humans!

Shi Yu also knew this, which was why he was so happy after Susu learned the memory water drop.

Shi Yu said, “All the best.”

Shi Yu had arranged everything clearly for Fang Lan.

In fact, what he liked the most was not Fang Lan’s identity as a Mechanic genius, nor did he expect her to be of any help to Ling’s various research.

She was still too young. If she wanted to grow up, it would take at least ten years.

What Shi Yu liked the most was her talent in listening to the Voice of History.

For example, the appearance of the Space Emperor Ruins directly attracted the secondary pet of the Space Emperor, the Space Beast Egg, and the mystery of the Space Emperor’s life and death. These were clearly more attractive to Shi Yu.

He hoped that Fang Lan would work hard and summon more ruins for him to explore in the future.

It was still too tiring to search for ruins alone. It was pretty good to have more people to summon for him.

The first ruin he heard was related to the Space Emperor. He didn’t even know what was going on. Shi Yu even suspected that this Fang Lan had the Space Emperor bloodline.

“I’ll work hard.”

When Fang Lan learned about the promotion mission, she was instantly filled with motivation when she thought about how she could obtain an ancient mechanical phantom beast after becoming an official member.

Beside him, Lu Qingyi sighed again.

Seeing Shi Yu issue the mission so smoothly, she immediately understood that his assistant was completely gone!

At this moment, Fang Lan was still excited. She looked up curiously and asked Shi Yu,

“Well, speaking of which, if we find the skull fossil of a legendary Beast Tamer and use the traces inside to modify it into a robot, will the robot inherit the Beast Taming Talent? Wouldn’t it be more convenient to use their memories to do archeology?”

“Will they be surprised to know that they were revived in the modern era in a mechanical way?”

After seeing Shi Yu defeat Gao Xuan in the National League, she was determined to defeat Shi Yu, the archeologist. At the same time, she was curious about a question. If the ancients saw modern machinery, what would they think?

For example, would those legendary Beast Tamers who wanted to explore the starry sky be very emotional and shocked if they saw rockets and spaceships!

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi : “…”

“Unfortunately, at the moment, there has been no precedent of human fossils having dream illusions. Put away your bold idea.”

….

In order to investigate the connection between Fang Lan and the Space Emperor Ruins further, Shi Yu and the others brought Fang Lan to the Space Emperor Ruins of the Myriad Mountain.

Fang Lan’s parents also came.

After this family arrived, Principal Feng was the most excited.

He snatched Fang Lan away from Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi without a word. The other two seniors of Bureau 11 also had many things to ask Fang Lan.

Next, it was up to Principal Feng and the others to assist Fang Lan in investigating why she could hear the voice of the Space Emperor Ruins. Then, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi fell into deep thought.

Lu Qingyi was still mumbling in her heart when her assistant was gone again.

Was she really going to bring that crazy girl White Brook around to explore ruins in the future??

No way…

“Senior Lu.”

Shi Yu broke the silence and recalled business. “Do you want to fight?”

He was still thinking about Lu Qingyi’s “Mythical Revival” skill.

“Come.” Lu Qingyi didn’t refuse and said, “I want to see how strong you are now.”

It was better to beat Shi Yu up.

Shi Yu: “Then let’s find a place?”

“Just go to my ruins space. It’s not a problem to withstand battles below the totem level there,” Lu Qingyi said.

As soon as she finished speaking, Shi Yu was extremely envious.

He also wanted the ruins space left behind by a legendary Beast Tamer…