Chapter 482 - Archeologists Who Don'T Want To Be Mechanics Aren'T Good Archeologists (3)

Lu Qingyi was silent at the side. She kept feeling that this archeological newcomer might not be close to her when the time came and would run to Shi Yu to be his assistant…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

At Kong Capital University.

Mechanic Academy.

Although it was already a holiday, there were still a bunch of scientific researchers who had yet to leave school. After all, just because students were on holiday didn’t mean that they were on holiday.

“Little Lan, you’ll be going to high school next year, right?”

“But there’s no need to work so hard. Look at your dark eye circles. You must have studied until late every day.”

In a research institute, an old man in a white research suit said to a little girl sitting in the corner writing a research report.

The girl was very beautiful. At about 1.6 meters tall, it wasn’t too much to describe her as a beautiful girl. She had short, clean black hair, a round face, and serious eyes. She was also wearing a custom-made white research suit. She took off her glasses, rubbed her eyes, and looked at the old man.

“Grandpa Wu… I just kept dreaming a few days ago and didn’t rest well.”

Fang Lan had an incomparable headache. For a few days, she had been having nightmares. She had almost forgotten the contents of the nightmares after waking up, but she didn’t forget the feeling of countless voices lingering in her ears and mind.

“Huh? Did you get your parents to take you to the doctor?”

The old researcher was concerned.

“Yes. The doctor also said that maybe the learning pressure was too high, and there were no mental problems. After taking some medicine, I’m much better,” Fang Lan said.

“Then you have to rest more…” the old researcher said.

“This girl, I already told her not to work so hard. She even studied until midnight every day. Something’s going to go wrong and she’s going to get sick at some point!” As the two of them chatted, a square-faced middle-aged man in black-rimmed glasses slowly walked over and said, “I wanted to bring her to the research institute to relax for two days, but it started again.”

The corners of Professor Wu’s mouth twitched. “Little Fang, who brings people to the Mechanical Research Institute to relax? To the amusement park!”

“She said it’s more fun here…” Professor Fang looked innocent.

“The body is more important,” Professor Wu said. “Little Lan is still young. Don’t be too anxious.”

“Not enough,” Fang Lan said with a purse of her lips.

Fang Lan’s father smiled helplessly. “Originally, her goal was to be as powerful as Gao Xuan in university and match him. In the end, Gao Xuan lost to Shi Yu from Ancient Capital University in the National League. This girl suffered a huge blow.”

“Therefore, she targeted Shi Yu, who also has a telepathy talent.”

“She plans to rely on the same talent and use the Mechanic class to defeat Shi Yu from the archeology Department in the future.”

“This…” Professor Wu was stunned.” This isn’t easy… ”

In the National League, the contestants of Kong Capital University were also tortured by Shi Yu. The teachers and students of Kong Capital University were naturally not unfamiliar with Shi Yu.

To be honest, they didn’t think highly of Fang Lan if she wanted to defeat a monster like Shi Yu. Although they said they supported her, in reality…

Fang Lan thought that she just had to develop a new mechanical domain…

Mechanics were a new department filled with changes and opportunities. Just like how Mechanics had just been born and could reverse the situation of humans and foreign races during the totem war, just like how the biological modification faction could create demigods and how forbidden weapons could kill demigods… As long as she could also open up a new mechanical domain, she would definitely be able to surpass Shi Yu!

“Who is it?” At this moment, Professor Fang suddenly received a call from the school’s security office.

“Uh? Alright, alright, I understand.”

He hung up with a confused expression.

“What’s wrong?” Professor Wu asked.

“The guard said that Dr. Lu Qingyi of Ancient Capital University, the national champion, Shi Yu, has already entered Kong Capital University. He wants to find Lan Lan… and also wants to visit Little Jie and me at the same time.” Professor Fang looked confused and puzzled. What was going on? He looked at his daughter. Fang Lan also looked up in confusion. What?

Who was looking for her?

“That Lu Qingyi and that Shi Yu?” Professor Wu was also stunned.

Ancient Capital University had been in the limelight recently. The two students who appeared, Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu, were both at the top of the sequence. It could be said that these two were both representatives of Ancient Capital University. Why were these two here to find Fang Lan and Professor Fang?

“Could it be that the other party knows something in advance and plans to kill me in the cradle…” Fang Lan muttered.

Professor Fang and Professor Wu: “…?”

Professor Fang coughed and said, “This child actually has time to rest. She usually likes to watch anime and novels to find inspiration. She always talks nonsense.”

“Xiaolan, pack up. Call your mother and come with me to see them…”

…

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi arrived at Kong Capital University together.

“Speaking of which, this Fang Lan’s information has nothing to do with the Space Emperor Ruins. Why can she hear the Voice of History?” Shi Yu was puzzled.

“If Principal Feng made a mistake, that would be awkward.”

The premise of every archeologist’s success in listening was that their own experiences were definitely inextricably linked to the ruins, or they were already extremely close to the truth. Only then would there be a chance of success.

Just like how Shi Yu had listened to the voice of history in the icy plain back then because “he” wanted to investigate the truth of the beast tide. He was a person who had personally experienced the beast tide, a local of Ping Cheng.

Although the subsequent experience made Shi Yu gradually realize that he seemed to have the “Suitable to Listen to History” physique and had a chance to hear things that were unrelated to him, this pattern shouldn’t apply to everyone. At least, Shi Yu had never heard of anyone else in Bureau 11 being as special as him…