Chapter 1706 - Chapter 1706: Nesting Children (3)

Chapter 1706: Nesting Children (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Impossible,” Bu Lu said.

“Try it?” Shi Yu said.

“So be it.” Bu Lu wanted to see what tricks Shi Yu could play.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Let’s compete in arm-wrestling. We won’t specially find a place.”

“Aren’t you cosmic behemoths proud of your physical strength?”

“Wu,” Bu Lu said. “That’s indeed the case, but apart from strength, I’m expert in many other things. Forget it, let’s compete on this.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu directly activated the summoning array. In the next moment,

Beast Shi Yu was summoned by Shi Yu.

“Huh??” Seeing the human appearance of Beast Shi Yu, Bu Lu was stunned.

Then, right on the heels of that, he didn’t sense any divine power fluctuations on Beast Shi Yu. It was very strange.

“It’s your pet???”

“Well, this is the first time you’ve seen a humanoid pet, right? Do you want to give it a try?”

“Humans can also be contracted?” Bu Lu felt that it had lived for a long time. However, it also felt that it was very ridiculous. Weren’t humans known as the race with the worst battle power? Shi Yu actually wanted a pet to compete in strength with it? What a joke…

A moment later… Beast Shi Yu picked up the shrunken Bu Lu as if he was holding a little chick.

“Impossible, I don’t believe it. Put me down! Bu Lu’s expression changed drastically with a shocked expression. It felt that it couldn’t use any strength in its entire body.

It wasn’t that its strength was restricted, but that the other party was stronger than it and suppressed it.

Although it had shrunk, Bu Lu could confirm that it could still use at least 80% of its strength. But even so, it was still instantly suppressed. This situation was really difficult for it to accept.

This meant that the other party’s strength was several times higher than its.

“Look.” Shi Yu was amused.

Why did he feel that dealing with this supposedly invincible cosmic behemoth was like teasing a child?

Was this because this guy rarely interacted with others and had been sleeping? This caused its mental age to be far inferior to its true age.

“Who is it?”

Shi Yu controlled Beast Shi Yu and put down Bu Lu. Bu Lu retreated continuously and looked at Beast Shi Yu cautiously.

However, at the same time, Bu Lu was also a little confused because it actually felt a sense of closeness from Beast Shi Yu.

It had only experienced this kind of closeness with its mother before.

“Could it be that it’s not human, but also a cosmic behemoth?” Bu Lu said in shock.

A cosmic behemoth wearing the skin of a human?

“He’s not a cosmic behemoth, but like you, it has traces of the last era on its body. Do you know what the traces of the last era are?”

“It’s because you’re infected with the traces of the last era that you’re rejected and cursed by the cosmic will of this era. Do vou understand?”

Bu Lu’s expression changed. “What do you know?”

“That’s all I know at the moment, but if you cooperate, you can study it more.”

“How can I cooperate?” To be honest, Bu Lu also wanted to figure out what was going on with his physique, but unfortunately, the most powerful scientists and archeologists in the cosmic overlord army couldn’t figure it out. “Lie on the bed.” Shi Yu pointed at Beast Shi Yu. “I’ll get it to check your body.”

“I’ve long wanted to do this, but you were sleeping previously. Without your agreement, it’s not easy to carry out.”

“Alright…” Bu Lu nodded and obediently lay on the bed according to Shi Yu l s request.

At this moment, Shi Yu controlled Beast Shi Yu to help Bu Lu check his body through the power of the last era.

However, just as Beast Shi Yu’s source power circulated around Bu Lu’s body, a big problem occurred.

“Holy sh*t.” Shi Yu couldn’t help but exclaim. The cry even woke up the sleeping gem cat and owl.

It also shocked Eleven, Ling, and the others.

Bu Lu, who was lying on the bed, revealed an angry expression. “What are you

“l, I didn’t do it on purpose,” Shi Yu said. “This is the first time I’ve encountered such a situation.’

“Why didn’t you resist?”

“l couldn’t resist successfully, but you did it on purpose. You know that it’s stronger than me.”

“I’m really not. You’ve encountered such a situation before? I’m also very confused, alright?”

Shi Yu was stunned because Beast Shi Yu seemed to have accidentally contracted this cosmic behemoth.

It wasn’t using the contract method of this era. It should be from the last era. It was a simple contract without the Beast Taming Space.

Shi Yu had clearly tested the various uses of source power on other creatures many times, but this was the first time such a situation had happened.

Was it related to the fact that this cosmic behemoth also had traces of the previous era?

Shi Yu was stunned. His contracted pet contracted its own pet?

At the same time, Shi Yu could also sense that Beast Shi Yu had obtained some feedback from this cosmic behemoth. The physical feedback wasn’t big. Most importantly… the feedback from learning adaptability. At this moment, Shi Yu sensed that the battle system of the previous era that Beast Shi Yu couldn’t learn previously had become much clearer.

At the same time, Shi Yu instantly knew the little monkey’s luxurious skill column through Beast Shi Yu…