Chapter 1701 - Chapter 1701: Space Behemoth Slaying (2)

Chapter 1701: Space Behemoth Slaying (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“I’ve said before, I’m not interested in these anymore.”

Shi Yu could clearly hear the tone of “I’m tired. Destruction!” in its mouth.

“It’s not because of this, but because someone wants to become your Beast Tamer. He’s here, so 1 won’t care how you communicate,” the Spirit Queen said.

“Huh??” The cosmic behemoth Bu Lu looked at the little Shi Yu beside the Spirit Queen.

It didn’t expect that there would actually be another human who hoped to become its Beast Tamer.

“Who are you?” it asked. Although it didn’t have any social connections and had been alone for many years, it didn’t mean that it didn’t know some human experts from overlord territories and even the entire universe.

It was really unfamiliar with Shi Yu’s words.

“You can call me ‘Shi Yu l . Since ancient times, I’m the future seventh king of the universe,” Shi Yu said.

“According to my experience, the more pretentious a guy is, the more unlucky he is beside me. He dies faster,” the cosmic behemoth said.

“Indeed.” The Spirit Queen nodded. It seemed that the more arrogant a guy was, the faster he would die beside Bu Luz

He would be struck by lightning if he postured.

“Don’t be so serious,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Now that he was a famous figure whose name shook the starry sky, Shi Yu felt that he should be more arrogant. This would help his pet condense an invincible will heart in the universe.

But others… didn’t seem to give him any face.

“l don’t want to. He doesn’t look very smart,” Bu Lu said.

“WII.” Shi Yu didn’t expect this lying guy to have so many things to do.

At the side, the Spirit Queen said that she didn’t care, but she still said, “He’s very strong. He passed the Glory Challenge and saw the cosmic overlord.”

“Aren’t you going to try?”

After the Spirit Queen finished speaking, Bu Lu v s eyes swayed as he looked at Shi Yu. He couldn’t believe that Shi Yu had actually passed the Glory Challenge?

Among the so many epoch gods in the Land of Sleep, which one had never challenged Glory Challenge? Even it had challenged them, but they had all failed.

However, this human in front of him actually did it… Bu Lu didn’t expect that such a monster would actually appear in the cosmic overlord army during his sleep.

Compared to it, it felt that passing that Glory Challenge was even more monstrous.

“Why, have you changed your mind?” Shi Yu said.

“Well, you might really be very strong,” the cosmic behemoth said. “However, I’m very curious why an expert like you would choose me.”

“Because you’re the most special one,” Shi Yu said.

The cosmic behemoth’s heart raced.

“I’m late. When I arrived at the Land of Sleep, you were the only one left here. The other eras have all left. There’s nothing to choose from,” Shi Yu said.

Bu Lu: ???

So this was my special point??

“It’s like this,” the Spirit Queen said.

Bu Lu’s blood pressure immediately rose. Was this the reason?

“However, I was indeed very surprised when I heard about your deeds from Senior Spirit Queen,” Shi Yu said. “It doesn’t sound easy for such an unlucky guy to live to this age.”

“It’s none of your business,” Bu Lu curled his lips and said.

“Don’t mind me. I have no intention of discriminating. I just admire you very much for being able to survive so many disasters.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “How about this? After you complete my test, I’ll contract you as a pet. How about that?”

“Stop kidding,” Bu Lu said. “Even if you pass the Glory Challenge, you might not necessarily be qualified to contract me.”

“Even if you want to contract me, I should be the one giving you a test.”

“In that case, let’s test each other.” Shi Yu crossed his arms and looked indifferent.

“Then let me see your strength first,” Bu Lu said.

“If you want to fight, don’t do it here,” the Spirit Queen said. “Please move to other star areas yourself.”

“Alright,” Bu Lu said. “Leave it to me.”

With that said, its body quickly shrank. Although the Cosmic Behemoth Race ate planets, they also moved on planets. In order to move on some planets, this race naturally evolved a skill to casually control its size.

Basically, it was mainly shrinking. Their normal state was already huge enough. If they wanted to expand, the difficulty was many times greater than shrinking, and the consumption was also huge.

Soon, this behemoth that could pluck stars with its bare hands shrunk to a normal few hundred meters tall. Then, with a tap of its tail, it poked a huge pitch-black hole in the starry sky.

Hole of the Universe!!

Moreover, it was a transcendent-level Hole of the Universe. Its ability was much higher than that Abyss Worm. Shi Yu could sense that the back of this hole was connected to an extremely far star domain.

Even if Ling wanted to sail over, it would take a long time. As for it, it only created a Hole of the Universe and connected two places. Shi Yu was too curious about this ability.

After all, the Hole of the Universe he replicated had yet to have a target to teach. If he could contract this guy, it seemed…

Even if he contracted this guy, it seemed to have been replicated for nothing. The other party’s Hole of the Universe level seemed to have already been maxed out on its own, and there was no way to continue adding points.

Unless there was a higher level above transcendent that could be unlocked in the future… However, at least for the time being, Shi Yu had yet to unlock a divine skill close to the Dao level.

For skills below the divine level, close combat was almost a law.. Divine skills represented laws, and for divine skills, what was close to cultivating to the extreme?