Chapter 1703 - Chapter 1703: Space Behemoth Slaying (4)

Chapter 1703: Space Behemoth Slaying (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Of course, once might not be enough. I have to test it a few more times… This time, it might just be a coincidence.”

“Well, let’s fight too,” Shi Yu said.

“No more.”

Shi Yu:

“Wait, big guy, don’t tell me you’re suddenly afraid,” Shi Yu said suspiciously.

Seeing Ling defeat the Starry Sky Storm so easily, it realized the difference in strength?

“I’m not afraid!” The cosmic behemoth revealed an angry expression.

In the next moment, a rumbling sound came from its stomach, resounding through the starry sky.

At the side, the Spirit Queen said, “l forgot to tell you previously. Because Bu Lu is a mutated cosmic behemoth, it’s very difficult to eat. After the epoch god level, the planet laws eaten by other cosmic behemoths can no longer satisfy its nutritional needs. It’s not very to its taste.”

“And a high-level planet isn’t something it can afford to provoke.”

“Therefore, it hasn’t had a full meal for a long time. It’s basically fine to sleep normally, but after moving around with the body of a cosmic behemoth for a while, the hunger should return immediately.”

“It doesn’t want to fight anymore. It should be because it’s gradually feeling hungry,” the Spirit Queen said.

“Damn it.” Bu Lu was furious. Even if it had shrunk, it still felt very hungry.

If he had known earlier, the Hole of the Universe wouldn’t have opened so far.

Shi Yu was speechless.

“How pitiful. It’s fine if it’s unlucky, but it can’t even fill its stomach.” Shi Yu shook his head.

“So what are you eating when you’re active?”

“In the army, a super divine expert who’s expert in nutrition specially developed suitable food for Bu Lu. However, the creation difficulty is too high and the price is very expensive, so even Bu Lu can’t eat it often. Using sleep to numb yourself is the best choice.”

“Therefore, I reckon that you should be able to take care of one of the tests of

“So hungry…” At this moment, the more the Spirit Queen spoke, the hungrier

Bu Lu felt.

“Yes, it must be included.” [Eleven thinks it’s very good.]

It couldn’t eat, let alone fight. Even if it moved, it was a little lazy at this moment.

It only wanted to sleep now.

As it spoke, the body of the cosmic behemoth became smaller and smaller. Soon, it shrunk into a one-meter-tall little monkey. It was really unscrupulous in order to save energy.

For cosmic behemoths, maintaining their huge bodies was the most comfortable state. Although it consumed a little energy, a state where they could display their strength to the extreme would make them feel very comfortable.

At this moment, Bu Lu e s behavior was no different from abandoning the pride of the cosmic behemoth and bowing down to life.

Small was humiliation to the cosmic behemoth. Large was glory. It had clearly given up the glory of its race and only wanted to lie steadily.

“Didn’t you bring any food?” Shi Yu asked.

“l originally had a backup before I slept, but from what I saw just now, the spatial equipment was worn out, and all the food was lost because of the spatial crack,” Bu Lu said angrily.

Food, its food.

It would rather be unlucky to encounter the Starry Sky Storm than to be so unlucky as to accidentally lose emergency food.

“l really have no choice.” Shi Yu scratched his head and took out a Cultivation Fruit. He threw it to Bu Lu and said, “Try this and see if it can fill your stomach.’

“It’s more or less nutritious. Since ordinary food doesn’t suit your taste, try something extraordinary. ”

“What’s this?”

After taking the Cultivation Fruit Shi Yu threw over, Bu Lu sensed its extremely high quality. The quality didn’t seem to be far from the food tailor-made for it by that super divine expert.

After obtaining the fruit, Bu Lu ate it without thinking. It wasn’t afraid that the fruit was poisonous or anything.

After so many years, it had already come into contact with countless poisonous substances by accident. Its body was already immune to hundreds of poisons and had antibodies. Even the poison on the Dark Kings side couldn’t pollute it.

However, after the little monkey ate the Cultivation Fruit in one bite, its gaze instantly changed. It was suddenly a little stunned and confused.

In an instant, its face turned green and white. It grabbed its neck and retched. However, it didn’t last two seconds before fainting from the stench and falling asleep at the side.

The Spirit Queen: ???

“You, what did you feed it!!”

Shi Yu touched his chin and said, “It’s not used to ordinary food, and refuses to eat even if it’s not ordinary? Why is it so picky?”

In addition, Baby Ginseng wasn’t an epoch god yet! Why was Bu Lu insta-killed with a fruit?

Was this cosmic behemoth really reliable?

Of course, it was also possible that it was related to this guy’s current state. It should have been really hungry previously.

“Here, Senior Spirit Queen, do you want one?” Shi Yu took two Cultivation Fruits and handed one to the Spirit Queen. He bit one himself. Although his face was green and white, he seemed to be used to this taste..