Chapter 1702 - Chapter 1702: Space Behemoth Slaying (3)

Chapter 1702: Space Behemoth Slaying (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Origin of the universe?

As Shi Yu was thinking, the cosmic behemoth Bu Lu had already taken the lead and entered the Hole of the Universe.

“In that case, I’ll take a trip with it. Senior Spirit Queen, do you want to go

together?” Shi Yu looked at the loli phantom, not understanding why an old monster that had lived for so long was maintained in the form of a little girl.

“Sure, it’s good to go take a look,” the Spirit Queen said.

“Then let’s go together.” With that said, Shi Yu and the other party stepped into the Hole of the Universe.

In the next moment, both parties entered an extremely far star domain from the Land of Sleep. However, just as they came over, they heard Bu Lu l s helpless voice.

“Yes!!” Bu Lu said, “Our luck is a little bad. The place we appeared at seems to be a little bad. We were directly surrounded by the Starry Sky Storm the moment we came up.”

“Ha… Ha…” It was quite optimistic.

As soon as Bu Lu finished speaking, faint storm ripples that were like waves had already formed around this place. Under the chaotic starry sky fluctuations around, even the Hole of the Universe began to become unstable.

“But it’s alright.” When Bu Lu saw that the Spirit Queen had also followed over, he knew that even if he encountered the Starry Sky Storm, he would be fine. It was still easy for a high-level super divine to deal with a small-scale

Starry Sky Storm.

Its bad luck wouldn’t affect a high-level super divine.

“There’s no one else with your luck.” Shi Yu looked at his surroundings and couldn’t help but hold his forehead. Therefore, what ruins did Bu Lu’s mother enter to be infected with the traces of the previous era?

Moreover, it was actually passed down to the next generation.

Shi Yu felt very lucky that he could successfully transmigrate and come here without being cursed by the cosmic will. If he were like this Bu Lu, he couldn’t guarantee that he could still live until now.

“The scale of the storm isn’t small.” The Spirit Queen was also speechless.

“Wait,” Bu Lu said. “Can you leave it to him to settle?”

Bu Lu looked at Shi Yu and said, “Even if a storm of this level takes shape, I can escape, but can you?”

“l don’t want a partner who drags us down,” it said.

“But logically speaking, you’re not the one who attracted the storm, Shi Yu asked.

Bu Lu: “?”

Shi Yu smiled. This big idiot probably meant that it was afraid that the disaster it attracted would hurt others, so it had to differentiate others first and see if they had the strength to resist the disaster.

“One way or another, the curse on your body is indeed quite serious.”

“In my life, I’ve been sailing in the starry sky for a tenth of the time. During this period, forget about a cosmic disaster of this scale, I’ve never even encountered a small cosmic disaster. It’s someone favored by the Lady Luck.”

“You actually let me encounter the Starry Sky Storm. You’re indeed not bad.”

“Heh, Lady Luck… If you’re someone favored by the Lady Luck, I’ve been cursed by the Goddess of Disaster.” Bu Lu looked at the gradually forming Starry Sky Storm around him, and his gaze darkened.

“Then who do you think is stronger, the Lady Luck or the Goddess of Disaster?” Shi Yu said.

“It should be the Goddess of Disaster.” After so many years of disaster, Bu Lu had gradually gotten used to it.

“No, actually, the Lady Luck is more powerful,” Shi Yu said.

“Looks like my luck is on your curse. If I encounter other cosmic disasters, it might mean that we’re not suitable. But now, the appearance of the Starry Sky Storm makes me certain… Your curse might not affect me,”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, under the gaze of the Spirit Queen and Bu Lu, a white mechanical glove appeared in his right hand. Five Wind Spirit Beads of different colors were embedded in the glove. In the next moment, Shi Yu e s palm was aimed at the Starry Sky Storm in front of him.

Right on the heels of that, an extremely shocking scene appeared. The storm sea in all directions of the starry sky suddenly trembled, as if it had encountered the master of the storm. It quickly condensed into a huge wind ball, forming a storm planet completely compressed and combined by the

Starry Sky Storm. It floated above Shi Yu and the others and was raised up by Shi Yu’s arm.

At this moment, Bu Lu looked at all of this in shock and felt that it was extremely unbelievable. That Starry Sky Storm that could heavily injure a low-level super divine was controlled just like that?

With this compressed storm smashing down, it felt that it could completely destroy a star and a small galaxy.

“That’s all?” After controlling the Starry Sky Storm, Shi Yu snapped his fingers. Accompanied by a whoosh, the huge Starry Sky Storm ball quickly disappeared crazily. The power that was still extremely violent just now seemed to have returned to nothingness and had never appeared.

A moment later, the Starry Sky Storm completely disappeared. Shi Yu’s mechanical glove also began to disappear. “Alright, let’s continue looking for a suitable battle venue,’

“You…” Bu Lu looked at Shi Yu and fell silent.

At the side, the Spirit Queen subconsciously smiled and said, “As expected of a guy who passed the Glory Challenge. He’s indeed very strong.”

“Yes, there’s no need to fight. I’ve already acknowledged your strength,” Bu Lu said. “Whether you fight or not isn’t that important…”

“Among those of the same level, you’re the first person to transform my curse into a controllable ability…”

“Not fighting anymore??” Shi Yu said.

“No, my strength standard for my partner is only that the other party has the strength to deal with the disaster I brought. You undoubtedly did it,” Bu Lu said..