Chapter 1707 - Chapter 1707: Behemoth And Little Zi (1)

Chapter 1707: Behemoth and Little Zi (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hey, hey, hey.” At this moment, Bu Lu was anxious.

How could he contract someone so silently without its agreement?

“Then what do you want to do?” At this moment, Shi Yu gave up. “To be honest, I don’t know the way to break the contract.”

“You also sensed that this contract is different from the contract of the Beast

Taming Space…”

“Why don’t you break free and take a look?”

“If I could break free, I would have already broken free,” Bu Lu said. Shi Yu was speechless. “Alright, I’ll take you in. I won’t test you.”

“You’re taking advantage of the situation.”

Bu Lu: “?”

“Heh heh,” Bu Lu said. “My bad luck will be transmitted to others just by talking to others.”

“If you contract with me now, it’s equivalent to sharing bad luck with me. I can’t guarantee that if anything happens, I’m confident of saving you.”

“If anything happens to you, don’t blame me.”

Shi Yu said, “It doesn’t matter. I’ll be responsible for you. Since I’ve contracted with you, I’m willing to bear the bad luck you bring.”

Ling was eavesdropping at the side. Why did he sound like a scumbag?

“Forget it, forget it.” Realizing that it couldn’t break free from the contract, Bu Lu started again.

So be it. Perhaps with Shi Yu’s strength, he could really resist its bad luck.

The premise… was that it didn’t break through again.

Bu Lu realized that the bad luck on its body would change according to its strength.

When it was still weak, the disasters it encountered were relatively weak. After becoming stronger, the level of disasters it encountered would also increase.

As long as it was still at the divine level, it shouldn’t affect the current Shi Yu too much.

Of course, with its luck, Bu Lu also felt that things like the source of transcendence had no fate with it.

“But speaking of which, your skill is a little terrifying,” Shi Yu said.

<Name> Bu Lu

[Race Divine Skill]: Star Destruction, Body Control, Hole of the Universe, Star

Collapsing Roar, Eye of the Stars, Star Reincarnation (Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, Wind, Thunder, Light, Darkness, Light, Darkness, Ice, Poison, Space).

Among them, the four skills of Star Destruction, Body Control, Hole of the Universe, and Star Reincarnation had all been trained to transcendence by Bu

Lu.

The other skills were also above perfect proficiency.

This was too terrifying. It could be said that it could completely suppress any pet of Shi Yu other than Beast Shi Yu, Eleven, Ling, and Susu.

Star Destruction: Mobilize and fuse the power of the universe to strengthen the physical strength and launch an attack that easily destroys stars.

Body Control: Ultimate control over the body, switching between attack and defense, super regeneration, shrinking of size, omnipotent.

Shi Yu also had the Body Control talent and knew the power of this talent. With a body the size of a cosmic behemoth, it was too difficult to control it in detail. With this skill, it was just right.

The Hole of the Universe was naturally the most powerful and comprehensive teleportation and meld skill in the current universe. The stability of the Hole of the Universe was also the highest of all spatial skills. Even a cosmic disaster would find it difficult to completely destroy the passage.

Shi Yu estimated that the Hole of the Universe was indispensable for Bu Lu being able to dodge so many disasters.

Star Collapsing Roar. This move was relatively common. It was a skill that specialized in countering cosmic life forms. Its lethality to cosmic life forms was more than twice that to other enemies.

Under the roar, the star would directly explode like self-destruction, causing huge damage to the enemies on the star.

The Eye of the Stars was the reconnaissance skill of the cosmic behemoth. They could refine the planet into an eye and throw the planet out. The cosmic behemoth could also share the witness of the planet in the universe.

It was said that hundreds of millions of stars in the Behemoth Empire were the eyes of Beastmasters.

Star Reincarnation was the life-saving skill of the cosmic behemoth. In extreme circumstances, it could abandon everything and directly reincarnate on a certain planet, using the planet as nutrients to nurture a new life.

At the same time, it could also change its stats according to the different stats of the Star Reincarnation. Cosmic behemoths also had stats. Generally speaking, they had the same stats as their parents.

However, if they nurtured new life on the planet, their stats would be determined by the power of the star and reincarnate into the star. Then, the new life stats would most likely be fire-element.

As for Bu Lu, it was actually a little exaggerated. It was almost all attributes. Apart from a few exclusive racial skills of the Cosmic Behemoth Race, it knew all kinds of stats control power. This was also an extremely ridiculous existence among the Cosmic Behemoth Race.

After all, not all racial skills like Star Destruction, Body Control, Hole of the Universe, Star Collapsing Roar, Eye of the Stars, and Star Reincarnation could be awakened. Only royal families could learn them. Ordinary cosmic behemoths only knew three or four of many skills.

“l didn’t want to either,” Bu Lu said. “l was forced to learn those skills.”

“l accidentally encountered spatial flux and was teleported to the core of the star. I could only be forced to adapt to skills like Fire Control. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to come out.’

“If I accidentally entered the pollution mystic realm left behind by the super divine of the Abyss Race, I could only be forced to awaken the control of the poison. Otherwise, I would have been polluted.”

“l have reason to suspect that the cosmic will is jealous of your talent, so it cursed you,” Shi Yu joked.

As everyone knew, apart from a few racial skills, it was not easy for a cosmic behemoth to learn other skills.

Their racial advantage was their incomparable physical strength. It was very suitable to describe them as “sacrificing intelligence in exchange for strength”. In movies and novels everywhere in the universe, the image of brutes and wild beasts was often used to describe the cosmic behemoths..