Chapter 1709 - Chapter 1709: Behemoth And Little Zi (3)

Chapter 1709: Behemoth and Little Zi (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Bu Lu really didn’t expect that when it woke up this time, it would actually encounter a guy who wasn’t afraid of its bad luck and wanted to pursue more bad luck.

“Uh, it seems to be a problem,” Shi Yu said. Lings luck was at most medium to one cloth kill, but neutralizing more bad luck seemed to be a little difficult.

However, Shi Yu was still a little curious about that ruin. Who said that there would definitely be bad luck? Moreover, he had to solve the bad luck on Bu Lu sooner or later. As long as he found a way to solve the bad luck, it wouldn’t be a problem, right?

“Forget it, let’s not think about this first,” Shi Yu said.

Although Bu Lu didn’t know the location of the ruins, Shi Yu wasn’t worried.

He had the invincible Astrologer Race and the Star Prayer Race.

As long as he used Bu Lu as a medium and let Teacher Owl use the power of the family’s treasure and the power of the super divine cat to predict the location of that ruin, it would be enough.

“Alright, I’ll take you to meet my other pets first, right?” Shi Yu said. “Although you’re very confident in your strength, even if you don’t include my clone beast, there are at least three other pets stronger than you.”

“l don’t believe it,” Bu Lu said.

“Believe it or not, you’ll know after getting to know them.” Shi Yu was amused. “In addition, although most of the other pets might not be as strong as you now, it might not be the case in the future. You have to know that their age might not be even a fraction of your age…”

“My team is very messy.”

“Well, before you get to know them, I’ll let you familiarize yourself with them overall.’

“Ling, bring Eleven and the others’ resumes over.” With a shout from Shi Yu, the wall of the room immediately turned into a screen.

“Roger, Master.” A light voice came from the screen, making Bu Lu subconsciously look over.

The first thing that entered his eyes was Eleven’s picture.

Seeing the little bear in the scene, Bu Lu frowned.

“It’s called Eleven. It’s about seven or eight years old this year,” Shi Yu said.

As Shi Yu spoke, the video displayed Eleven’s battle results at various ages and the accompanying battle video.

At the age of two, he won the newbie championship of the class competition. At the age of three, he won the national championship. At the age of four, he won the world championship…

During this process, Bu Lu didn’t feel anything. It had just been born and was already stronger than Eleven when it was the world champion.

However, after seeing Eleven’s achievements since entering the universe, Bu Lu couldn’t hold it in anymore.

The five-year-old Eleven directly defeated Zavay and became the strongest quasi divine in the universe.

At the age of seven, he directly broke through to the epoch god and endured the cosmic lightning tribulation of the 13th heavenly layer. He used the power of the cosmic lightning tribulation to shatter the deterrence of the cosmic overlord!

Seeing this, Bu Lu was stunned.

“Is this an achievement that can be achieved in a few years??”

“It’s a reincarnator, right?”

After all, it was already in the seven digits. Bu Lu’s age was in the seven digits, and Eleven’s was seven years old. It kept giving Bu Lu a ridiculous feeling.

“This guy is my initial partner. Its current dream is to defeat a cosmic overlord.” Shi Yu smiled and looked at Eleven’s photo.

“Why? Is it because it’s not much weaker than you?”

“However, there are indeed reincarnators in my team,” Shi Yu said.

“If the age before reincarnation is added together, it’s probably hundreds of millions of years old.”

“But in this life, it’s only six or seven years old.”

“Your Star Reincarnation level is so high. You should have been forced to reincarnate many times.”

“Yes…” Bu Lu nodded.

Then, Ling broadcasted Susu’s scene to Bu Lu.

“It’s the faith god of my mother planet’s ocean, born to cleanse.”

“Every time it reincarnated, its strength would weaken until its life was about to completely end when it encountered me.”

In the scene, it was an extremely weak Water Slime that had just been born.

But in a few years, like Eleven, susu’s improvement speed was ridiculous. It directly had the strength to instantly kill a super divine that had transcended the second abyss.

Ordinary epoch gods only exceeded one. Seeing that Susu could instantly kill more than two, Bu Lu fell silent again.

“By the way, it has mastered the transcendent top-notch cleansing law and source fluctuations. In the future, it can try to see if it can cleanse the bad luck on your body, although I feel that the chances aren’t high,” Shi Yu said.

After being in the cosmic overlord army for so long, Bu Lu had definitely encountered a super divine level cleanser stronger than Susu. The bad luck on its body was probably not that simple.

“Alright, next is Ling, the mechanical life form in front of you.”

“It was also the guy who defeated the Starry Sky Storm at that time.”

Ling was even younger. It was created by Shi Yu alone. After seeing Lings shocking luck, Bu Lu was stunned.

Apart from that, not only was Lings luck heaven-defying, but its strength was also very terrifying.

It had actually just broken through to the epoch god and could directly resist the mechanical super divine Wabra that had reached transcendent 3.

“It’s precisely because of her that I’m not afraid of your bad luck. She’s my Lady Luck,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“What a joke. Are your team filled with monsters?” Bu Lu couldn’t help but say. After looking at its resume, it realized that Shi Yu was indeed not bragging.

Even if it wasn’t considered the enhancement of a Beast Tamer, these three pets were also very strong. Their strength wasn’t inferior to it, nor was it inferior to its strength. In the Land of Sleep, they were at the top.

And these pets were actually all gathered in the hands of a Beast Tamer. This made Bu Lu find it unbelievable.

It thought that Shi Yu’s epoch god was at most at the level of the Blood Origin God…

“Aren’t you also a monster with ridiculous strength?” Shi Yu said. “How is it? With this group of companions, you can rest assured, right? Since the disaster you attracted can’t affect you, it’s impossible to affect them..”