Chapter 1704 - Chapter 1704: Nesting Children (1)

Chapter 1704: Nesting Children (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“You eat it yourself.”

The Ioli Spirit Queen didn’t seem to be interested in the Cultivation Fruit. She took a look and said directly, “So, what’s next?”

“If you use this thing to stunk it out, how are you going to test each other?”

“No hurry, no hurry.” Shi Yu scratched his head and said, “How about this? I

don’t think it has much strength to fight in the short term. Why don’t you  return to the Land of Sleep first, Senior Spirit Queen?” “I’ll drag this guy along and spend some time with it first.” “I’ll also look for anything suitable for it to eat on the way.”

“You want to take it away?” the Spirit Queen said.

“Well, I plan to return to the Cosmic Sea. Along the way, I can also see what other disasters it can attract and see if we can resist it.’

“Didn’t it want to test me with this?”

“It’s indeed very special. Being in a hurry to contract it is an irresponsible manifestation of both parties. Why don’t we be partners for a period of time?” Shi Yu said.

“It’s also a choice,” the Spirit Queen said. “In that case, bring it away.”

“However, if you want to compete for the transcendent origin that’s about to appear, it’s best not to bring it.”

“Otherwise, I might miss it for strange reasons.”

“In addition, the appearance of the transcendent origin this time is a little strange. There might be a mastermind behind it. I’m not sure who it is yet.

Investigate it yourself before deciding if you want to join.”

As Shi Yu was introduced by King Lie and was a key member who had seen the cosmic overlord, the Spirit Queen reminded him a little more.

“l understand.” Shi Yu nodded. On the other side, the Spirit Queen was silent.

She didn’t know if letting Shi Yu take Bu Lu away was a good or bad outcome.

Just like that, Bu Lu was directly abducted by Shi Yu.

On the battleship, Shi Yu casually found a place and threw the cloth kill over there. Then, he looked at it and fell into deep thought.

He could still see the weak traces of the last era on the other party’s body.

Shi Yu wasn’t sure if others could see this mark, but he could only see it with the enhancement of source power.

This power… could be said to be the existence that attracted Shi Yu the most on Bu Lu.

“Baby Ginseng, I’ll deduce food suitable for cosmic behemoths other than planets. You’re in charge of making it.”

“Let it sleep first. Although the nutrition of the Cultivation Fruit isn’t low, it might not be suitable for it. It still has to sleep and recover.”

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng came out of the Beast Taming Space with a long face.

Damn, I almost forgot. After the cosmic behemoth joins the team, the one who’ll suffer the most is definitely not Little Zi, but me!

With the size of the cosmic behemoth, the demand for food was incomparably terrifying. If they couldn’t eat high-level planets, they could only let Baby Ginseng make food again.

“Don’t panic, don’t panic,” Shi Yu said. “When we return to the Cosmic Sea, we’ll hunt two super divine levels and exchange them for money. At that time, we won’t lack your resources. It’s easy to create food.”

“Yi!! (I’ll hunt! Although the first clear was gone, Baby Ginseng also wanted to personally fight a super divine.

“Alright, alright,” Shi Yu said. However, he would deduce the food first.

[Contract Pet]: Baby Ginseng

[Skill Effect]: All-purpose delicacy. It can allow any race to feel delicious and replenish high nutrition. [Deduction success rate]: Low

[Deducing…]

Soon, Shi Yu and the others deduced the so-called all-purpose food recipe.

After obtaining the recipe, Shi Yu’s vision darkened. He finally understood why the deduction success rate was so “high”. It was because the recipe was indeed extremely simple, but the materials were a little “expensive”.

It was actually a tree fruit cultivated with the “pseudo source of transcendence” as the main fertilizer.

“Damn it, it’s ridiculous. Are they going to snatch cultivation resources from Beast Shi Yu?” Although all-purpose delicacies were omnipotent, no one in the team needed them. Everyone had their own favorite food, so there was no need to eat this standard.

Probably only that cosmic behemoth needed this thing to replenish its nutrition.

The pseudo source of transcendence was a resource used for cultivation at the super divine level. Those below the super divine level couldn’t use it at all. The skill index actually deduced food with this kind of thing as fertilizer. The nourishing level was obvious.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu eagerly. Then should it learn?

It remembered that there seemed to be a few fake source of transcendence in the team. They were exchanged for battle merits from hunting Benos, the super divine.

“Learn. ”

“It would be a waste not to learn.’

Baby Ginseng didn’t expect Shi Yu to really be willing to spend a lot.

However, with Baby Ginsengs understanding of Shi Yu… It looked at Shi Yu, who had licked its lips, and understood that the Beast Tamer most likely still wanted to taste the source of transcendence.

“Wii…”

Just as Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng were chatting, the sleeping Bu Lu suddenly revealed a pained expression.

Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng looked over and knew that this was a nightmare.

“Yie (What nightmare is it?)” Baby Ginseng asked curiously.

“It’s better not to look. Hurry up and cook,” Shi Yu said. He had telepathy.

Compared to Baby Ginseng, he could understand Bu Lu’s current mood better.

It was almost equivalent to seeing the other party’s dream.

Shi Yu scratched his head. He felt that this guy was actually still miserable. Although its strength was not bad, he had not made a friend. Even passers-by he had just met died beside it due to various disasters.

This also made Bu Lu not dare to come into contact with people weaker than it..