Chapter 1705 - Chapter 1705: Nesting Children (2)

Chapter 1705: Nesting Children (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, Bu Lu was in a similar dream, recalling those bad experiences.

“Sigh, why does the universe reincarnate? Why was the last era rejected by a new era?” Shi Yu was puzzled.

After abducting a cosmic behemoth from the Land of Sleep, Shi Yu and the others continued to return to the Cosmic Sea.

Because of the teleportation, they were even closer to the location of the Cosmic Sea.

In less than two months, he could reach the Cosmic Sea. As for returning to the World King Planet after arriving at the Cosmic Sea, it was easy. There were various methods to quickly reach the World King Planet.

Almost three years had passed. Shi Yu was also very curious about the situation over there. Did Emperor Wu and the others win the God Sealing Champion and break through to the divine level?

“Roar!!!” After sailing for several days, a heart-wrenching roar came from the battleship.

A little monkey was sitting on the ground. After waking up, it was still retching, as if it had eaten something with lingering aftertaste.

The automatic door opened. Shi Yu entered and looked at the cosmic behemoth sitting on the ground, falling into deep thought.

“Is it really that bad??”

After eating too much, he felt that it was alright.

“Ugh, what did you feed me?” The cosmic behemoth kept rolling on the ground. It pinched its neck and looked like it had nothing to live for.

“Let me tell you, I definitely won’t forgive you. If this is your usual food, I’d rather die than sign a contract with you.”

Although it sensed some benefits brought by the Cultivation Fruit, Bu Lu really couldn’t accept this taste.

The taste of the Cosmic Behemoth Race was already tricky, and the Cultivation Fruit was something that people who didn’t have any requirements for taste couldn’t accept. The collision of the two undoubtedly produced a magical chemistry…

Shi Yu was speechless.

“I’ll just give it a try.’

“Try this again this time.” Shi Yu threw a white fruit to Bu Lu. This time, when he saw the fruit flying over, Bu Lu acted as if it was facing a great enemy. However, unlike the Cultivation Fruit, Baby Ginseng didn’t restrain the scent of this all-purpose delicacy.

If the taste of the Cultivation Fruit spread out and affected the environment too much, Baby Ginseng would restrain the taste inside the fruit, but it didn’t matter if it was a fragrant food like the all-purpose food.

Therefore, Bu Lu quickly sensed the difference between the all-purpose delicacies and the Cultivation Fruit. It frowned and took this thing. It quickly used this thing that at least smelled more fragrant to wash its mouth.

After eating it, the cosmic behemoth Bu Lu was instantly stunned. It held half the fruit in one hand and immersed itself on the spot. It kept chewing the all-purpose delicacies with a look of disbelief.

“Wu.” It quickly ate it in two bites. Apart from the shocking delicacy, a large amount of power surged in its body. It felt that its weak state was quickly recovering to the peak.

It couldn’t help but raise its head and look at Shi Yu. “This, what’s this??” “Is there anything else? This thing is much more delicious than the previous one.”

“It’s the most delicious thing I’ve ever eaten.”

It was simply more delicious than the food made by the super divine nutritionist in the army.

“Well, don’t think about it. This price is very expensive.” It was mainly because fertilizer was expensive and couldn’t be eaten casually.

“Wait, where is this?” Bu Lu suddenly realized the unfamiliar environment here.

“After you faint from the stench, I’ll tell Senior Spirit Queen to bring you on a trip for a period of time first. I want to see if your curse is stronger or my luck is stronger.” Shi Yu smiled.

“In fact, a week has passed, and we haven’t encountered any disaster.”

Bu Lu was silent on the spot. He looked at Shi Yu and said, “Then where are you going now?”

“Cosmic Sea,” Shi Yu said. “Can l?”

“l don’t mind, but are you really not afraid? Don’t blame me for not reminding you. It might have been an accident previously. My luck is really bad. If it affects you later, don’t blame me.”

“On account of your food, let me remind you.”

“It’s not your fault. Don’t worry, no curse can make me unlucky,” Shi Yu said.

“Speaking of which, what test are you talking about?” Bu Lu suddenly looked at Shi Yu and said.

“It’s nothing. It’s also a battle. Although you’re an epoch god, 1 don’t fancy ordinary epoch gods either.”

“In a one-on-one battle, I won’t lose to anyone at the same level,” Bu Lu said. “You’re very strong. At least, you contracted more than one epoch god. If 1 fight all of you, I don’t have much confidence of winning, but I definitely have no problem fighting any of your pets alone,”

“Contract me. I’m your strongest trump card. However, you haven’t completely passed the test at the moment. I haven’t decided if I’ll contract you,” it said.

Bu Lu looked at Shi Yu. It was mainly because it felt that Shi Yu wasn’t bad. Although it liked to brag a little, it still had strength. Most importantly, the less there was, the more it yearned for something. Shi Yu had previously displayed strength that wasn’t affected by its bad luck, making it look forward to it a little.

However, it was precisely because of this that Bu Lu was afraid that if it easily contracted Shi Yu, it would transmit bad luck to Shi Yu and let something happen to him. In the end, it would also be disappointed.

Therefore, it had been in a very conflicted state and was still watching.

“A trump card?”

“You’re too narrow-minded,” Shi Yu said.. “Tell me, if I have a pet that can defeat you one-on-one, what will you do?”