Chapter 1715 - Chapter 1715: Enemies On A Narrow Road (2)

Chapter 1715: Enemies on a Narrow Road (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios      Editor: Atlas Studios

The black-haired young man stared at the Space Emperor and at the two women who had cracked the ruins in the barrier. He was also very surprised.

Firstly, it was an accident. The nirvana ruins was actually cracked by such a weak pair of people.

After all, even he had spent many years to crack this ruin.

Secondly, it was an accident. These two actually had the protection of a super divine expert…

Fortunately, he felt that the Space Emperor wasn’t strong.

“The nirvana ruins is an ownerless place. Whoever cracks it will own it. They cracked the ruins. Could it be that you still want to snatch it by force?” the Space Emperor asked.

“So what if I am? What can you do?” The black-haired young man smiled and said, “You guys are nothing.”

“I announced my sovereignty over this ruin 1.2 million years ago. They casually cracked the nirvana ruins without my agreement. I haven’t held them accountable.”

“I took advantage of my sleep to steal my ruins and disturb my bitter cultivation. If I don’t punish them, I’ll be considered kind.”

“This guy…” In the barrier, Huang Xi’s expression was unfriendly and filled with killing intent.

The nirvana ruins had been ownerless for so many years and no one had cracked it. How did it become his?

“The other party isn’t weak. Senior Space Emperor might encounter a fierce battle.” Lu Qingyi was silent.

However, this ruin was very rare and couldn’t be given up.

“So, are you sure you want to be our enemy?” The Space Emperor issued a final warning.

At that moment, many people around had already determined the identities of the Space Emperor, Huang Xi, and Lu Qingyi. “Floating Realm realm lord, Space Emperor Kong.” “Empress of the Dong Huang Realm, Huang Xi.”

“Dong Huang Realm, Lu Qingyi.’ “Good lord, this young man is so bold to actually provoke the Blue Planet.”

“Yeah, isn’t this courting death?”

“After all, the Blue Planet… But even that Assassin Planet…

Listening to the surrounding discussion, the young man was very surprised.

didn’t expect you to be quite famous.”

Then, he shook his head and said, “Unfortunately, after so long, no one can even remember me anymore. The Floating Realm, the Dong Huang Realm…

When I dominated the World King Planet, you might not have been born yet.”

“Reincarnator, Zhou Lan.”

“Gentlemen, if you want to fight, can you stay away from my domain?

Boom!

When the mysterious young man faced the Space Emperor, another super divine aura flowed.

The realm lord of the Yu Nie Realm, a super divine expert of the Holy Feather Race, descended.

He looked like an angel, had six wings that shone with light, and was wearing a holy pure white shirt. When he descended, he looked at Zhou Lan and said.

“I thought it was someone else. Why do you have to care about my business? Zhou Lan saw the realm lord of the Yu Nie Realm descend and said bluntly.

At this moment, the surrounding people fell silent.

Who exactly was this young man named Zhou Lan?

He actually spoke bluntly to the super divine realm lord.

Why had they never heard of this person’s existence before?

“I remember!!!” Suddenly, in the void, someone said, “I don’t know the name Zhou Lan, but I have an impression of the title ‘reincarnator’.”

“The other party has an era ruin that can constantly be reborn. It’s said that even super divine-level experts can’t kill him!”

“But the strange thing is that the reborn clearly have very strong strength, but they don’t break through to the super divine level. They keep appearing with divine-level strength.”

“He’s actually still alive… No, or rather, he appeared again.”

Upon hearing that someone knew Zhou Lan, many people who paid attention were in an uproar.

“He probably hasn’t broken through to the super divine level in order to fuse with the transcendent origin. No wonder he’s so arrogant. So it’s a guy with a heart at the cosmos level. I’ve indeed heard of his name in a few battles,” a super divine realm lord from the surrounding realms muttered.

“Hehe, I’m doing this for your own good.” The realm lord of the Yu Nie Realm had a calm expression. When he wasn’t a super divine, he had already heard of the power of this reborn person. He was also considered a new super divine, but this reborn person was even older than him, Elder Gu.

Moreover, the rumors about him were also true.

Because he had become the owner of a special ruin, even super divine experts couldn’t completely kill him. After killing him, he would also be reborn in a certain place. It was also because of this that he could constantly compete to transcend the origin without any fear, in order to become a super divine in the most perfect posture.

Therefore, there was no point in killing him at all. If they wanted to completely kill him, they had to crack the mechanism of his era ruins. Even peak super divine experts who weren’t expert archeologists couldn’t do this.

However, the reason why the Yu Nie Realm realm lord appeared was firstly because he didn’t want a huge battle to happen around his realm. Secondly, this newly awakened reborn person didn’t seem to know the power of the Blue Planet bloodline.

Although it might still not be able to completely kill him, it was still easy to kill him several times.

However, seeing that Zhou Lan wasn’t polite to him at all, the Yu Nie Realm realm lord didn’t want to interfere.

He knew that it wasn’t easy to make Zhou Lan let go. This nirvana ruins that had been cracked by those two little girls was similar to the effect of the nirvana ruins that Zhou Lan had. It was suspected to be related to the ruins and had always been chosen by Zhou Lan. He had long announced his sovereignty and cracked it alone. He didn’t expect that before he could successfully crack it, it would be completed by someone who came later than him.

“Whether it’s a reborn or a reincarnator, you can stay today.” The Space Emperor no longer wanted to waste his breath. No matter what, the other party had already violated the forbidden by attacking the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang unreasonably.

Originally, the battle of the Assassin Planet had already made no Beast Tamer on Blue Planet dare to provoke it, but now, these sleeping and awakening ancient geniuses seemed to have to be intimidated again..