Chapter 1712 - Chapter 1712: Exposing King Doing New Jobs (2)

Chapter 1712: Exposing King Doing New Jobs (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

With Bu Lu joining the team, Beast Shi Yu’s cultivation direction became incomparably clear. The pet arms transformation skill that had never been initiated gradually became initiated during the nearly month of travel.

“So, Shi Yu, the more cooperative method you’re talking about is to turn me into a stick??”

At this moment, the cosmic behemoth had been turned into a Golden-Hooped Rod that could be big, small, thick, or thin when held by Beast Shi Yu. Holding the Golden-Hooped Rod that was even heavier than dozens of planets added together, Shi Yu felt that this thing was much more useful than the previous four holy equipment.

It was perfectly compatible with source power. Coupled with Beast Shi Yu, it was enough to display battle power that exceeded transcendent 5, allowing Beast Shi Yu l s battle power to take another step forward.

“Damn it, I don’t want to become a stick.”

Bu Lu protested forcefully, but it was useless.

“Why not? Don’t you feel that you’ve become much stronger with the two of you together?”

“You’re only an epoch god. You haven’t reached the super divine level. When you break through to the super divine level, together with Beast Shi Yu, you can definitely kill indiscriminately below the cosmic level. An invincible combination.’

“Apart from you, Eleven and the others can’t become weapons even if they want to.”

Buggy still protested. It had seen it all. Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others all had their own Star Arms.

It, on the other hand, was being thought of by the purple stars in the team every day. In the end, it even became a weapon itself. It was unfair!

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. When I’m free, I’ll also help you find a star weapon,” Shi Yu said.

“We’re about to reach the World King Planet. It hasn’t been peaceful over there recently. If you and Beast Shi Yu are stronger, we’ll be safer.”

“But speaking of Which, I believe you now. Your luck is really bad,” Shi Yu said.

“We encountered the Starry Sky Storm outside again.”

This was already the 11th Starry Sky Storm they had encountered in the past month of sailing.

Shi Yu felt that it was ridiculous for the Starry Sky Storm to appear so frequently.

“I’ve already said… I didn’t have a good outcome from the contract…” Bu Lu said.

“Who said so? For others, the Starry Sky Storm is a disaster, but for us, the Starry Sky Storm is Arms. I’m still willing to encounter more Starry Sky Storms in the future,” Shi Yu said.

Ling had mastered the transcendent-level Starry Sky Storm. Wouldn’t encountering this thing in the universe be someone else’s disaster but their weapon?

Even with Lings own luck, it might not necessarily be able to encounter the Starry Sky Storm every time to increase its battle power. However, together with Bu Lu’s bad luck, the frequency of the Starry Sky Storm appearing was actually much higher.

Could this be the legendary positive and negative?

It was much more unscientific than negative.

“Therefore, don’t keep talking about your bad luck. Here, everyone is equal.”

“What’s wrong with World King Planet?” After a moment of silence, Bu Lu asked. Why did he say that it wasn’t peaceful over there?

According to its memories, World King Planet should be one of the most peaceful places in the entire universe.

“Eh, didn’t I tell you? I don’t think so…”

“Do you know the sixth cosmic life form?”

“The sixth cosmic life form has appeared again. It seems to be the enemy of the World King and the cosmic overlord. If it wants to take revenge, the first battle will definitely be on the World King Planet.”

“Therefore, the Cosmic Sea and World King Planet won’t be peaceful,” Shi Yu said.

“In addition, you’ve also sensed it, right? A new transcendent origin is about to condense. Generally speaking, the condensation location is the center of the universe, the Cosmic Sea. At that time, the epoch gods of the Contaminated Land, the Behemoth Empire, the Worm Mother Nest, and the overlord territories who have broken through the limit of the divine level will also come here.’

“It’s impossible for the Cosmic Sea to be calm.”

“Moreover, according to the information I obtained, the one who accelerated the condensation of transcendent origins is at the sixth cosmic level. Therefore, it’s obvious that a huge conspiracy is definitely brewing in the Cosmic Sea area.”

“Then let’s go back!” Bu Lu was shocked.

“Why not go back? My mother planet and friends are still over there. Moreover, we have to fight for the birth of a new transcendent origin,” Shi Yu said. “Even if there’s a conspiracy inside, we have to jump.”

“Wu ah!!” The club that Bu Lu had turned into swayed helplessly. Damn it, it had been lying flat for so long. Why did it encounter so many troublesome things the moment it appeared with Shi Yu?

It still wanted to take the initiative to jump into a cosmic-level conspiracy?

Why did it feel that it was also unlucky to have encountered Shi Yu?

“Didn’t you also try to fight for the transcendent origin more than ten times previously but didn’t succeed?”

“l heard from the Spirit Queen that she seemed to have encountered a traffic accident on the way before even arriving at the Cosmic Sea.”

“You’re already so strong, but you’ve never really fought with the epoch gods of the ten thousand races in the starry sky. Wouldn’t you be indignant?”

“This time, it’s rare to have a chance to challenge the myriad races in the starry sky. I’m not looking forward to it.”

“This…” Upon hearing Shi Yu, it would be a lie to say that it wasn’t looking forward to it.

“Alright, let’s go take a look first,” Bu Lu said. “However, transform me back first! ”

After a few days, Shi Yu and the others finally arrived at the edge of the Cosmic Sea.

After arriving, Shi Yu let Buggy sense it and his mind became active.

“Little ones,” Shi Yu shouted. “Come back”

“Next, I’ll let Buggy directly teleport us to World King Planet through the magnetic line,”

In the magnetic field, Shi Yu had replicated the skill from the Teleportation Master on the Assassin Planet. In theory, the upper limit of this skill’s teleportation distance was even further than the Hole of the Universe, but in other aspects, it was inferior to the Hole of the Universe..