Chapter 1716 - Chapter 1716: Enemies On A Narrow Road (3)

Chapter 1716: Enemies on a Narrow Road (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios      Editor: Atlas Studios

Otherwise, all the hard work he had done previously would be in vain.

“A new super divine dares to be so arrogant?” Zhou Lan said.

With that said, a phantom of the 11th heavenly layer appeared behind him. In the phantom, a phoenix cry resounded through the sky. A phoenix bathed in flames came out and circled behind him.

Seeing this phenomenon, many people were stunned.

“What’s that… Am I seeing things? The 11th heavenly layer??”

“Isn’t the divine level only at the 10th heavenly layer? Why is he… ‘ I

Zhou Lan’s 11th heavenly layer phantom and the fluctuations of the epoch divine power of the Nirvana Fire Phoenix immediately shocked the surrounding divine-level experts.

11th heavenly layer! It broke through the level of the limit of the divine level!

Seeing this, the Space Emperor thought to himself that as expected. This time, it would probably be a fierce battle!

“Is this your confidence?” However, the Space Emperor was still not afraid. Although his path to the divine level wasn’t perfect, he was still a super divine now, so he was naturally not afraid of the divine level.

Boom.

Behind the Space Emperor, the Sun of Transcendence appeared. Just as he was about to summon his pet, a Hole of the Universe suddenly opened in the sky.

A terrifying pressure came from the Hole of the Universe.

“Roar!!!” In the cave, an ape’s voice roared. The violent sound wave immediately made the expressions of the Nirvana Fire Phoenix and Zhou Lan change slightly. Just from the roar, they felt an even greater pressure than the super divine in front of them.

who?”

Who was it?

The surrounding experts looked at the sky and saw a figure walk out of the Hole of the Universe. When they saw the figure inside, the Space Emperor was stunned. The Empress and Lu Qingyi were slightly stunned.

A young man in casual clothes with a panda hanging on his shoulder was none other than Shi Yu.

“Shi Yu?”

“Looks like I’m not too late.” Shi Yu looked at the confrontation between the Space Emperor and Zhou Lan and closed his eyes slightly. Then, he opened them again and said, “I more or less know what’s going on.”

“Leave this to me to settle.”

Shi Yu l s appearance undoubtedly shocked everyone.

Shi Yu l s reputation was much greater than the Space Emperor. First, it was the King of Gods, then the live broadcast of the Assassin Planet. Then, it was the promotion of the Environmental Protection Association, making Shi Yu the most famous divine-level now.

Because he had the battle record of hunting super divines, his reputation was even greater than the new super divine, the Space Emperor.

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the reborn with a burning gaze. The reborn narrowed his eyes and landed on the Nirvana Fire Phoenix, looking at Shi Yu.

“And who are you?

“You’re also a rising star on World King Star?”

“The first thing a guy who has failed in so many competitions to transcend the origin will do after waking up is to show off his extremely pitiful strength?” Shi Yu said.

“The 11th heavenly layer is nothing. M/hat’s there to be arrogant about?”

Shi Yu l s words were undoubtedly more ear-piercing than anything Zhou Lan had ever heard. Not to mention Zhou Lan, even Bu Lu in the Beast Taming Space felt uncomfortable hearing it. It felt that Shi Yu was also cursing it!

This Beast Tamer was pretty good in everything, but unfortunately, he had a mouth.

“Do you know what you’re saying?” Zhou Lan’s expression instantly darkened, and killing intent filled the air.

After failing many times in the competition to transcend the origin and constantly dying and being reborn, his hostility became very heavy.

Shi Yu said, “I’ll give you a chance. Tell me quickly if you have any big boss behind you.”

“If there is, I’ll spare your life.”

“If there isn’t, you’ll end here.”

As he spoke, countless people cursed under their breaths. As expected, the

King of Gods, Shi Yu, was unethical. He actually said things without integrity.

“This is a genius Beast Tamer who exceeded the limit of the divine level millions of years ago, fighting the most dazzling divine-level Beast Tamer in the Cosmic Sea now?

“A huge battle is about to happen!’

Zhou Lan and Shi Yu’s confrontation immediately made everyone’s hearts skip a beat as they focused.

Who was stronger?

()n one side, it was a terrifying ancient genius who had broken through the limit of the divine level and was suspected to have contracted the epoch god.

On one side, it was the strongest new star in the Cosmic Sea, the King of Gods who had the battle record of hunting an abyss super divine…

“Eleven, give them a hit.” Although it was said to give the other party a chance, Shi Yu l s attack command followed. Eleven directly stepped on Shi Yu l s shoulder and leaped up, materializing a bamboo stick.

It directly smashed towards the other party.

Everyone only heard the roar of a Behemoth. Accompanied by a green staff shadow and a black and white figure, an unbelievable scene appeared.

Boom.

Even the space of the surrounding realms seemed to tremble. The sky and ground trembled violently at the same time. That was caused by Eleven’s attack. Its staff directly made the opponent’s pupils shrink and he hurriedly resisted. However, how could the difference in strength be so easy to resist? Under Zhou Lan’s incredulous expression, the shock wave directly shattered this Zhou Lan’s Beast Taming Space and turned the Nirvana Fire Phoenix into a blood mist with a staff. If Zhou Lan didn’t have the protection of the Nirvana Fire Phoenix, he would have already become dregs in the starry sky.

“Pfft.” However, even with the protection of his pet, he still suffered incomparable injuries. The Beast Taming Space was directly shattered. Under the protection of endless flames, he fell to the ground like a kite with a broken string, and blood dyed the sky.

The surrounding perfect divines and super divines were stunned. They sensed the terrifying spatial aftermath attacking them and revealed shocked expressions.

“So weak.” In the sky, Eleven’s figure was clear. It, who was holding a bamboo stick, revealed a dissatisfied expression.

Transcendent Battle God BodY+Star Refinement+Weapon Control… There was no need for any other fancy operations to launch an attack that was enough to instantly kill ordinary super divines..