Chapter 1718 - Chapter 1718: Inviting You In (1)

Chapter 1718: Inviting You In (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Outside Yu Nie Realm.

This place had attracted many people because of the commotion of the era ruins. Shi Yu’s high-profile announcement here was almost no different from announcing the entire World King Planet.

In the sky, Shi Yu stood in the air. Eleven held the green bamboo and took a fierce bite.

“Crack! ”

It was as if it was saying that the peerless divine weapon that could instantly kill a divine level expert at the 11th heavenly layer and an epoch god was only its food.

Everyone present, including Senior Lu and Huang Xi, looked at Shi Yu in shock.

Transcendent duel…

Was Shi Yu serious?

No one expected that the competition for the era ruins here would evolve into a transcendent challenge between the most famous rookie on the current World King Planet and the older generation of super divine experts.

“l, the realm lord of the Dong Huang Realm, Shi Yu, initiate a ‘transcendent duel’ with the Green Dragon family’s Green Dragon super divine, the

Vermillion Bird family’s Vermillion Bird super divine, the White Tiger family’s White Tiger super divine, and the Black Tortoise family’s Black Tortoise super divine.’

“In order to consolidate your position as a faith super divine, the Four Holy Family has been cooperating with the Assassin Planet for a long time to assassinate evolvers with potential. I’m one of them.”

“A few years ago, I cracked the Four Holy Ruins and mastered the evolution path of the Four Holy Ruins. The Four Holy super divines were afraid and didn’t dare to do it personally because of my identity, so they hired the Assassin Planet assassin to get rid of me.”

“But due to the insufficient strength of the assassins on the Assassin Planet, I killed them instead. Then, in the battle of the Assassin Planet that everyone is familiar with, in this battle, I finally confirmed the dirty side of the Four Saints super divine.”

“Although the Four Holy Family has repeatedly denied it, the evidence is conclusive. It’s time to end the faith monopoly of the Four Saints super divine.’

“Since the Four Saints are so afraid of the birth of a new Four Saints super divine and are competing with them for faith, next, I’ll bet my life to challenge their divine positions one after another and rewrite the Four Saints system of the World King Planet.”

“l hope they won’t refuse my ‘transcendent duel’ because they’re afraid.”

“This ‘transcendent duel’ only represents the grudge between me and the Four Saints super divine. It doesn’t involve other factions. It’s both a competition of strength and life and death. I hope to obtain Lord World Kings gaze and carry out a public duel!”

Shi Yu announced in a high-profile manner here. Without a doubt, the hidden busybody broadcasted the entire process and released it.

World King Planet trembled!

In the world where the Vermillion Bird Family was.

His anger directly ignited the sky of a realm.

The sky that was filled with fire and blood made all the creatures in the entire realm tremble.

“Super divine anger.”

Sensing huge anger, countless creatures in the realm where the Vermillion Bird super divine was raised their heads in panic and looked at the sky. “Who offended the Vermillion Bird super divine?”

As an existence that exceeded transcendent 5, as one of the most perfect evolvers who had evolved towards the Four Saints of the previous era, it had been a long time since anyone dared to provoke Its dignity.

“Shi Yu, you’re dead.”

The Vermillion Bird super divine roared. It didn’t expect Shi Yu to be so bold.

It actually dared to ignore its will and attack its cultivator. It even dared to challenge it to a “transcendent duel” without knowing the immensity of heaven and earth.

A divine-level sending a “transcendent duel” to a super divine level was definitely a big matter that was enough to alarm the World King Planet.

Therefore, soon, the races in the realm where the Vermillion Bird super divine was located knew why the Vermillion Bird super divine was so angry. At the same time, they felt that it was unbelievable.

“Is this King of Gods crazy?”

Transcendent duel. This was a duel issued by the divine level with the determination to definitely kill the super divine. The King of Gods, Shi Yu, was using the Vermillion Bird super divine as a hunting target, hoping to step on its corpse and advance to the super divine level!

This was no different from provoking the dignity of a super divine expert… The hatred between the two parties had really reached this point?

Not only in the realm where the Vermillion Bird super divine was, but also in the various realms of the World King Planet, experts were shocked.

From President Saatchi and the other official figures of the God Sealing Committee to the God Sealing Battle geniuses like Zavay, Ming Gu, and the son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, everyone on the World King Planet was in turmoil and felt that it was unbelievable.

In the Floating Realm, Lin Feng was originally waiting for information. He didn’t expect to receive a notification from his subordinates. Then, the corners of Lin Fengs mouth twitched as he saw the live broadcast of Shi Yu declaring war on the Four Saints super divine.

“Crazy guy.” Many experts unrelated to Shi Yu and the Four Holy Family couldn’t help but sigh.

They didn’t care about the cause and effect, but Shi Yu’s actions were undoubtedly shocking.

Challenging powerful super divines who had transcended more than four times at the divine level, moreover, challenging four in a row, how crazy was this?

Not to mention the divine level, even existences at the same level as the Four Saints super divine wouldn’t have this heart, right?

“It can’t be helped. The Four Holy Family is really going too far. According to what I know, Lu Qingyi and Huang Xi from the Dong Huang Realm successfully cracked the nirvana ruins, but at this moment, the disciple of the Vermillion Bird super divine came to snatch it. Many people saw this.”

“If what Shi Yu said is true, the Vermillion Bird family is simply carved from the same mold. They’re too arrogant and despotic. Shi Yu might really be unable to tolerate it anymore, although he was indeed a little rash.”

Many people had witnessed the nirvana ruins and couldn’t fake it. No one felt that Shi Yu was lying about the Assassin Planet.

If it weren’t for the fact that he was really assassinated, why would Shi Yu offend a huge monster like the Four Holy Family?

However, although they were willing to believe Shi Yu, Shi Yu’s challenge action was still too ridiculous in everyone’s eyes.

No one knew where Shi Yu’s confidence came from. They only treated him as someone who had been blinded by anger and couldn’t control himself this time..