Chapter 1717 - Chapter 1717: Enemies On A Narrow Road (4)

Chapter 1717: Enemies on a Narrow Road (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Zhou Lan might only be a little stronger than the little girl in her twenties in the cosmic overlord army. Her talent was far inferior to the other party. Shi Yu naturally didn’t feel any pressure to beat her up.

However, in the eyes of others, this scene was extremely unbelievable. The surrounding super divines watched everything in shock. What a joke.

Which genius who broke through the limit of the divine level wasn’t an existence with peerless talent? Which cosmic life form that could become an epoch god wasn’t an absolute king among the myriad races in the starry sky? The scene in front of them really caught them off guard.

What happened…

“Damn it.” Even the Space Emperor widened his eyes and looked at Shi Yu and Eleven in the sky in confusion.

“Shi Yu, he…” Huang Xi and Lu Qingyi were also a little confused by Eleven’s attack.

The current miserable state of Zhou Lan was simply worlds apart from her confident expression just now.

“You’re not afraid of death, right?”

Shi Yu looked down and directly activated the Passage of Time with the

support of source power.

In his gaze, he could clearly see that a mysterious era power protected the origin of Zhou Lan and the Nirvana Fire Phoenix.

This power of the era was very difficult to capture. Even super divine experts found it extremely difficult to affect. Unfortunately, they encountered him.

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and squeezed in the air. With a boom, the power of the era that protected Zhou Lan and the Nirvana Fire Phoenix’s origin disappeared.

On the ground, Zhou Lan, who was bleeding from all seven apertures, suddenly panicked as she lost control of the era ruins.

“Eleven, hit it again,” Shi Yu said. In the sky, the familiar Iron-eating Beast King, Eleven, who had defeated Zavay, howled. It raised its bamboo stick and was about to continue smashing it at Zhou Lan.

It seemed that it wasn’t enough to smash a Nirvana Fire Phoenix to death. It wanted to completely shatter Beast Tamers and pets.

“Wuu!!”

Eleven fell from the sky and suddenly smashed the staff at Zhou Lan in the huge pit on the ground. If nothing went wrong, this staff was enough to change the terrain here.

However, to everyone’s surprise, at this moment, the extremely arrogant Zhou Lan began to ask for help. As he asked for help, the equipment on his body instantly shattered.

Even when he was almost smashed to death by a staff just now, he didn’t choose to ask for help. He thought that the ruins could protect him and allow him to be reborn to hide from this ridiculous guy. However, as the ruins were cracked by Shi Yu, he completely panicked.

This was the first time he had encountered such a strange person.

“Master, save me,” he shouted. Eleven’s rod didn’t smash down.

A red light ball that seemed to have a powerful repulsive force appeared between Eleven’s bamboo stick and Zhou Lan. This light ball kept flickering, sending Eleven flying back to Shi Yu’s side.

In the next moment, with a sparrow cry, the phantom of a Vermillion Bird filled the sky.

The Vermillion Bird phantom flickered with the light of the red flame and emitted a powerful aura. The fire patterns formed five dazzling suns in the sky.

Seeing this phantom, everyone revealed looks of disbelief.

“Vermillion Bird super divine,” Realm Lord Yu Nie and the other super divines said in disbelief.

The master of a reborn person was the Four Saints super divine of the Four

HOIY rarn11Y(

At this moment, the phantom of the Vermillion Bird super divine was summoned and was also very silent.

It also instantly knew the cause and effect. It couldn’t help but feel that it was ridiculous.

“Master.” On the ground, Zhou Lan kept coughing blood and begging for help. His face was pale, unable to understand why the strange person opposite him could ignore his era ruins.

“Vermillion Bird super divine?” Shi Yu was also very surprised.

He knew that as a genius at the 11th heavenly layer of the divine level, it was impossible for him not to have the support of some faction.

However, this faction was the Vermillion Bird Family, one of the Four Holy Family. Shi Yu really didn’t expect it.

Not only him, but the surrounding super divines also didn’t know that behind the reborn was actually the Four Holy Vermillion Birds.

This was because the reborn had never obtained the protection of the Vermillion Bird Family in the past when competing to transcend the origin. They fought alone.

“Shi Yu.” The Vermillion Bird super divine phantom looked at Shi Yu and focused.

Killing intent rose in his heart. He felt that enemies were bound to meet on a narrow road.

Shi Yu was too much.

First, it coveted the Four Holy Ruins, and then it coveted the ruins of the person it had cultivated.

However, Emperor Shi of the Blue Planet behind Shi Yu was indeed not easy to deal with.

Initially, the Four Holy Family was prepared to deal with this matter coldly, but they didn’t expect that as a cultivator, he would have a conflict with the Blue Planet bloodline just as he woke up. This gave the Vermillion Bird super divine a headache.

They felt that they were from the Blue Planet everywhere.

“l don’t want to hear you talk. This is the second time, right?” Shi Yu faced the Vermillion Bird super divine directly. This time, he wasn’t afraid at all.

Not to mention a clone phantom, with his current strength, he wasn’t afraid even if the Four Saints super divine main body came.

This Four Holy Family… Shi Yu was also angry this time. It was fine if they first assassinated him because of the Four Holy Ruins, but now, they were actually behind Zhou Lan again.

Damn it.

If it were other super divines, Shi Yu might have given face and only shattered the other party once before giving up, but now…

“Eleven, smash them,” Shi Yu ordered, completely shocking the surrounding spectators. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to ignore the Vermillion Bird super divine and still attack Zhou Lan.

“Shi Yu, you’re too much. Don’t force me to descend with my true body.” The Vermillion Bird super divine was also burning with anger at this moment. It wanted to stop Shi Yu, but its body was only an illusion and its strength was limited.

“I’ve thought about it. There’s no need for you to descend. I’ll visit personally in a few days.”

“It’s time to settle the matter of your Four Holy Family hiring the Assassin Planet to assassinate me.’

“l want to initiate a transcendent duel with the four of you. 1 hope you can respond to me as soon as possible.”

As Shi Yu’s voice fell, Yin Yang lightning wrapped around the Eleven Metal Bamboo Rod. It directly activated One Thought of God and Demon and smashed with all its might.

“Roar! This time, Eleven turned into lightning and directly shattered the Vermillion Bird super divine phantom in one hit. Under the incredulous expression of the Vermillion Bird super divine, it completely smashed an abyss here along the phantom, completely turning the reborn into dregs. Only a ruin tool floated in the void and was grabbed by Shi Yu.

The entire place was silent, wondering if they had heard wrongly.

“Transcendent duel??” Realm Lord Yu Nie was stunned.

“Shi Yu!” The Space Emperor was also shocked.

The supreme duel was an agreed-upon duel method on the World King Planet. It was a life-and-death duel witnessed by a peak super divine expert under the World King.

Usually, it was released from the divine level to the super divine level, and not all divine levels were qualified to release it, but Shi Yu was undoubtedly qualified.

As everyone knew, transcendent origins were rare, and the source of transcendence in the ruins of the era was also difficult to find. The easiest way for divine-level life forms to advance to super divine was to hunt other super divines and obtain the source of transcendence.

However, every divine level and super divine had a complicated faction behind them. If they fought each other, it would definitely cause the people of the World King Planet to be plunged into misery and suffering, causing huge chaos, causing many innocent lives to be implicated.

Therefore, such a duel method was born. It was only a duel between divine-level and super divine-level parties. It was both victory and defeat, as well as life and death. At the same time, the grudges didn’t involve the factions behind both parties. The super divine-level experts under the World King and the entire World King Planet witnessed the whole process.

At this moment, no one expected Shi Yu to actually mention the supreme transcendent duel to the four super divines of the Four Holy Families at this moment. Moreover, he wanted to challenge four super divines in a row!

After all, ordinary divine-levels basically chose super-divine duels that exceeded transcendent 1. Shi Yu actually directly chose four super divines that exceeded transcendent 4 to 6. Was he crazy? Of course, Shi Yu wasn’t crazy. He purely felt that his current strength was enough. Ever since he was assassinated for the first time, he had long started preparing for this duel.

He wanted to use the Four Holy Family to give Buggy, Chi Tong, Shorty, Turtle, and Little Quas to directly ascend to the God Realm of the era and change the Four Saints system of the World King Planet!