Chapter 1713 - Chapter 1713: Exposing King Doing New Job (3)

Chapter 1713: Exposing King Doing New Job (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

For example, it was easy to be interrupted. For example, teleportation had to have coordinates and the activation time was too long, unlike the Hole of the Universe where it could go anywhere it wanted. Also, the consumption of its teleportation was several times higher than that of the Hole of the Universe.

However, in a hurry and when the conditions were met, the magnetic line was indeed better than the Hole of the Universe.

For example, now, after reaching the edge of the Cosmic Sea, they were in the range of the magnetic path. Shi Yu and the others could instantly reach World King Planet through this skill, and the price wasn’t big. It was just that Buggy had been crippled for a period of time.

Compared to experiencing a few more months of sailing, it was completely worth it.

Soon, the entire team was taken back by Shi Yu, and Buggy helplessly became a transportation tool again…

“Ji! (Send!)”

World King Planet.

Shi Yu left teleportation coordinates on several people.

For example, Senior Lu, Senior Lin Feng, and the various emperors of Dong Huang…

However, for special reasons, Shi Yu directly got Buggy to lock onto the little white dragon for teleportation.

The reason why he chose the little white dragon was also because the magnetic skill was unstable.

This skill was strong, but it would randomly be teleported to the surroundings of the target coordinates. The specific location was uncontrollable.

It might descend close to the target, or it might be very far away. Senior Lu wasn’t suitable…

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng weren’t very suitable either. Perhaps they were doing something.

After thinking about it, only the little white dragon was suitable. However, even if it was the little white dragon, it was also risky. This was because Shi Yu’s teleportation landing point was a large area with the little white dragon as the center. It was still not that “safe”.

It wasn’t that he was afraid of danger, but that he would encounter a more awkward scene.

However, in order to save time, Shi Yu still chose teleportation. The safety measures he made were that before teleportation, he and Buggy had turned invisible. Generally speaking, those below their level couldn’t see them…

However…

“Wuhu!!! Who is it, who’s riding me!!”

Just as Shi Yu teleported over, he heard a pig-like cry and sensed the constantly swaying body below.

Damn.

They directly teleported to the little white dragon. Fortunately, they chose it.

Otherwise, it would be awkward if it was teleported to the Space Emperor or Emperor Wu.

“Stop shouting.” Shi Yu appeared and looked around. This should be the little white dragon’s house. To a certain extent, Buggy’s Crowd Control was relatively accurate.

“Big Brother Shi Yu?” The little white dragon stopped swaying and said with a pleasantly surprised expression, “What are you doing?”

Shi Yu: “?” 1 was just passing by and accidentally teleported here. It’s alright, I’ll leave first.’

“Wait, wait, wait,” the little white dragon said. “Big Brother Shi Yu, I’m a demigod, a demigod! ! ”

“Well, I think I’ve been away for three years. You were already a totem three years ago, and you’re only a demigod now. What’s there to praise…”

“Roar!!” Buggy also said. Yes, yes, how useless.

The little white dragon said, “Isn’t this because I also want to get first place in the God Sealing Battle before breaking through? Otherwise, I would have long reached the divine level.’

“Brother Shi Yu, where have you been these three years? You didn’t tell Senior

Lin Feng and the others either. I feel that I haven’t seen you in a long time.” “Do you know that something big has happened in the Cosmic Sea recently! ! ” “What’s the big deal?” Shi Yu said.

“According to the Exposing King, the sixth cosmic level appeared again. In addition, the condensation speed of the transcendent origin has also accelerated. Before long, a new source of transcendence will condense in the universe. Now, it seems that many powerful divine-levels sleeping have awakened. The Cosmic Sea has become very lively.”

Shi Yu was silent. This Exposing King really had some skills.

Before seeing the cosmic overlord, he didn’t even know that a sixth cosmic life form had appeared. This guy actually knew.

“Of course, this isn’t the most important thing. Most importantly, according to the Exposing King, the sixth cosmic life form should be a ‘female’. It’s so brave. It even dares to say this. If it’s wrong, won’t it be killed by the cosmic life form?” the little white dragon said..