Chapter 1719 - Chapter 1719: Inviting You In (2)

Chapter 1719: Inviting You In (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Not to mention outsiders, even their own people were the same.

At the same time, Shi Yu, who had shocked the entire World King Planet, had already brought the Space Emperor and the others back to the Floating Realm through the ultimate hole.

“Ahhh, it exploded.” The moment he returned, Lin Feng said with a toothache, “Shi Yu, why did you go over?”

“Shi Yu, you’re too rash,” the Space Emperor couldn’t help but say after returning.

“Isn’t it too early to fall out with the Four Holy Family?” the Empress and Lu Qingyi said.

After all, even including Emperor Shi previously, the Blue Planet lineage was also very afraid of the foundation of the Four Holy Family and didn’t easily fall out.

But this time, because of the nirvana ruins, Shi Yu actually directly challenged the Four Saints super divine…

“I’m not rash. Do I look like someone who’s prone to rashness?” Shi Yu smiled and said, “l purely feel that this is a good opportunity.”

“l won’t do anything I’m not confident in.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Lin Feng wondered if he had heard wrongly.

“You mean that you’re confident of defeating the Four Saints super divine?” “Yes.” Shi Yu nodded heavily.

It was precisely because Shi Yu was so confident that the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, the Empress, Senior Lu, and the others had blank expressions.

Especially the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, their brains rumbled.

It was fine if Shi Yu grew quickly below the divine level or even the super divine level.

However, wasn’t it a little too much to directly go from the strongest quasi divine to an existence that could defeat a transcendent 6 in three to four years?

Even novels didn’t dare to write like this.

“Wu wu wu.” At this moment, Eleven tried to seek its presence on Shi Yu’s shoulder.

Seeing Eleven, the Space Emperor was speechless again. The feeling that Zhou Lan gave him was that even if he could win, it would take a lot of effort.

Moreover, he might not necessarily be able to perfectly kill the other party.

However, everyone clearly saw Shi Yu t s performance just now. Eleven directly insta-killed Zhou Lan and the others in an extremely brutal manner with a stick. Moreover, Shi Yu casually restricted the other party’s ruins and even ignored the Vermillion Bird super divine phantom to forcefully kill the other party.

The Space Emperor asked himself. Unless he had a pet that had also reached the super divine level and both parties worked together, it was very difficult to do this.

And this… was only Eleven’s own strength. Shi Yu had yet to even increase Eleven’s strength, and Shi Yu’s other pets had yet to appear.

“What exactly did you guys do on this trip…” Lin Feng was numb. He didn’t think that Shi Yu would lie about such an important thing, but… it was still difficult to understand.

“The greatest gain might be seeing the cosmic overlord’s main body. Eleven even broke through as an epoch god under the deterrence of the cosmic overlord.’

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng: ???

“So, there’s no need to worry.”

“We even withstood the deterrence of the cosmic overlord. The Four Saints super divine won’t be our match,” Shi Yu said. In order to reassure the Space Emperor and the others, the spatial phantom of the 13th heavenly layer gradually appeared behind him.

Seeing the layers of the Beast Taming Space, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, the Empress, Senior Lu, and the others revealed ridiculous expressions.

“Divine level… 13th heavenly layer??”

“That’s it.” Shi Yu retracted the phenomenon and smiled. “Now, you guys finally believe that I have the ability to fight the Four Saints super divines, right?”

“l can say clearly that this isn’t all my trump cards now.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the Space Emperor and the others were silent. To be honest, they didn’t know how powerful the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level was, but this unbelievable scene indeed made them have some confidence in Shi Yu…

“We can definitely win, right?” Senior Lu asked.

“Don’t worry, we can definitely win,” Shi Yu said. “Don’t dwell on this.”

“By the way, Senior Empress, Senior Lu, what are the ruins you cracked?” Shi Yu asked.

After a moment of silence, Lu Qingyi said, “After the nirvana ruins recognize its master, it’s equivalent to a tool that can be revived. Before its power is exhausted, it can allow the user to revive multiple times.”

“Senior Empress revived in an extremely special way. In addition to my support, we happened to crack this ruin…”

“No wonder Zhou Lan cares so much about this ruin. The rebirth ruin I snatched from him also had the effect of reviving previously,” Shi Yu said.

It was probably because of this that Zhou Lan could have such strength.

Shi Yu looked at the ruins in his hand and said, “Unfortunately, the one in

Zhou Lan’s hand was directly broken after the Beast Tamer who recognized it as his master died.’

He casually threw the broken nirvana ruins to Senior Lu and Senior Empress and said, “You guys can study it.”

“Wait, 1 think… you need this thing more now. This nirvana ruins thinks that I’m its master now. I don’t know how to remove it. Next, you and 1 will study it together. If this nirvana ruins changes its ownership to you, your chances of survival in the transcendent duel will be higher…” Huang Xi said when she saw Shi Yu throw the nirvana ruins over.

It didn’t matter about the ruins. The key was Shi Yu’s transcendent duel. “No.” The Space Emperor said, “The transcendent duel is a battle that will definitely determine life and death. As long as the duel is established, the loser will definitely be killed. If you use other methods to escape death, you will be hunted by a peak super divine inquisitor.”

“Therefore, once it’s established, we can only win and not lose. This is also the cruelest aspect of the transcendent duel..”