Chapter 1714 - Chapter 1714: Enemies On A Narrow Road (1)

Chapter 1714: Enemies on a Narrow Road (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“It’s indeed brave.’

After hearing what the little white dragon said, Shi Yu couldn’t help but admire the Exposing King.

No matter what his goal was… It was fine if he exposed divine and super divine levels, but he actually dared to talk nonsense about the cosmic life form. Ha!

Cosmic-level life forms were all indescribable existences. This guy was actually still discussing other people’s gender.

It was none of his business whether it was a man or a woman!

“Who exactly is this Exposing King? Teacher Cat, Teacher Owl, can you figure out his identity?” Shi Yu thought.

“We can give it a try,” the gem cat and owl that were put in Shi Yu’s portable mystic realm space replied.

They had spent a lot of money on this trip. Their little vault had already been emptied. It was better to get the Exposing Kings true body and sell it.

“Alright, I understand. In addition, little white dragon, stop asking about gossip all day. Work hard!” At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the little white dragon and said.

“Are you done? If not, I’ll go find Senior Space Emperor first.”

“It’s alright, Big Brother Shi Yu. You go!” the little white dragon said.

Shi Yu nodded and directly teleported to find Senior Space Emperor’s traces.

However, this guy didn’t seem to be in the Floating Realm or the Dong Huang Realm.

Under Shi Yu’s search, he discovered Senior Lin Feng.

Ask him.

After sensing that there was no one else around Lin Feng, he directly teleported over.

“Who is it!”

At this moment, Lin Feng was in the Sky Temple of the Floating Realm.

After sensing that someone had teleported to the temple without anyone noticing, he suddenly looked over.

“Shi Yu??” After seeing Shi Yu’s figure, Lin Feng was in disbelief.

“You’re finally back,” he said.

“Yo, Senior Lin Feng.” Shi Yu waved his hand and said, “What do you mean I can return? From the World King Planet to the overlord territory and back to the World King Planet from the overlord territory, my speed is lightning fast, “Usually, divine-levels will take dozens or hundreds of years.”

Lin Feng said, “Don’t you think about how much super divine energy you took away? How can it be slow to travel with that?”

Shi Yu laughed and said, “Where’s Senior Space Emperor? Is he on Blue Planet or where did he go?”

“This…” Lin Feng’s expression changed slightly, “Senior Space Emperor went to the surroundings of the ‘Yu Nie Realm’ to settle things.”

“What happened?” Shi Yu sensed that something was wrong with Lin Feng’s expression.

“Senior Empress, your senior, Lu Qingyi, went to the surroundings of the ‘Yu Nie Realm’ to explore ruins together.”

“On them is the protective talisman given by Senior Space Emperor. The Space Emperor sensed that something had happened to them, so he hurriedly rushed to the Yu Nie Realm.”

Shi Yu’s expression also changed. “Something happened to Senior Empress and Senior?”

If he had known earlier, he would have directly gotten Buggy to lock onto Senior Lu. Unfortunately, Buggy was already lying down and didn’t have any strength. It was soaking in Baby Ginseng’s medicinal bath to recover.

“Don’t worry, Senior Space Emperor went over. The problem isn’t very big. The Space Emperor said that their protective talisman wasn’t destroyed, which means that the danger isn’t that fatal.”

“Moreover, apart from Senior Wang Kong’s protective talisman, they also have the protective talisman given by Emperor Shi.”

Shi Yu said, “That’s good. Senior Lin Feng, I’ll go over too. Look after the two major domains.”

“Alright.” Lin Feng nodded and said, “Go take a look.”

As soon as he finished speaking, a special hole appeared in front of Shi Yu. Seeing this hole, Lin Feng was stunned.

When Yu entered, he reacted and said, “The Hole of the Universe??”

“This kid went to the overlord territory and subdued a cosmic behemoth?”

At the first- level realm, around the Yu Nie Realm.

Era ruin, outside the nirvana ruin.

The golden -haired Lu Qingyi in a black trench coat and Empress Huang Xi, who was wearing a white dress and had orange-red long hair, were in a spatial barrier.

Outside the barrier, the Space Emperor Kong was also wearing white clothes and had black hair that fluttered in the wind. His super divine pressure emitted as he looked straight at the young man opposite him.

However, the young man opposite wasn’t at a disadvantage in the face of Wang Kong’s deterrence at all. He was extremely calm.

There were still many people around the ruins here, and there were even super divine levels paying attention to the current situation.

The commotion after the nirvana ruins was cracked just now caused the commotion of the surrounding large realms. It was difficult not to pay attention to the situation here.

At this moment, most people also understood what was going on.

The two handsome women cracked this era ruin and became the owners of the ruins.

But soon, an unfamiliar powerful young man stopped them from taking away the ruins.

Both parties started fighting.

“What do you mean?” The Space Emperor looked straight at the young man in front of him with a sullen expression and surprise.

He could sense that the young man in front of him was definitely not a super divine. He was only at the divine level, but he could actually destroy the barrier he created to this extent… At the same time, his expression didn’t change in the face of his pressure.

The Space Emperor instantly understood that the person in front of him should be a Beast Tamer who had broken through the limit of the divine level.

Perhaps it had reached the eleventh heavenly layer of the divine level like Shi Yu.

Moreover, the pet definitely had the strength of the epoch god. Otherwise, it would definitely not be so easy to face him.

The reason why the Space Emperor guessed this was because of the recent revelation of the Exposure King.

According to the Exposing King, many sleeping ancient geniuses woke up one after another and prepared to compete for transcendent origins. The person in front of them might be one of them.

“This ruin is my item. Leave the ruin and you can leave.”