Chapter 1710 - Chapter 1710: Behemoth And Little Zi (4)

Chapter 1710: Behemoth and Little Zi (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Bu Lu was speechless, but in the blink of an eye, he became even more excited. Perhaps this “monster headquarters” could really accommodate a “monster” like him.

“l want to continue watching,” it said.

“Alright,” Shi Yu said in amusement. “Here, next. When I encountered it, it was only a few months old Green Silkworm…”

“Now, it’s the most perfect Four Symbols Green Dragon Holy Beast in the evolution stage in the entire universe.”

On the other side, after Shi Yu contracted Bu Lu, Little Zi hurriedly found Lings main body and asked it to help think of a way.

As everyone knew, when the pets of the second team entered Shi Yu’s team, they had to acknowledge them as big brothers first.

Little Ji joined the team, worshiping Big Sister Ling. Duckie joined the team, worshiping Big Sister Susu. The Turtle and Little Quas of the Dragon Palace joined the team, worshiping the Dragon God Buggy. Shorty joined the team and directly worshiped the entire team.

Little Zi originally wanted to take in the new cosmic behemoth as its underling, but this cosmic behemoth seemed to be a little too strong. Unless it consumed the power of the world at all costs and summoned the projections of Eleven and the others to help it fight, it definitely couldn’t defeat it.

Such strength wasn’t enough to have an absolute status.

“Wu…” Ling said, “But it seems that with the outcome I’m seeing now, there’s a high chance that this cosmic behemoth will become Beast Shi Yu e s exclusive support. It has nothing to do with you.”

Little Zi: Huh?

“However, you don’t have to worry. Don’t forget, you’re the Star Race, the most special race in the universe. The only race without a bottleneck between the divine and super divine levels.”

“Not long ago, Master and I discussed a growth system that can allow you to obtain battle power that exceeds the other party.”

“Mi!” Little Zi was willing to hear the details.

“Go and beg Teacher Ying. If it’s willing to sign a contract with you, there’s no problem.”

Little Zi learned the Star Contract from Blue Planet. It could sign a contract with any life form and summon their power projections to become its guardian.

There was no restriction on the level of this contracted target. Even if the other party was at the super divine level, Little Zi could still contract it. However, it couldn’t mobilize the other party’s full strength.

“As a member of the Star Prayer Race, Teacher Ying has mastered the power of the Wish Star. If you can become her student, you can borrow her power to a certain extent to make a wish for yourself.”

“You’re a star life form. You can break through to super divine without using the source of transcendence. In theory, it’s the race that’s easiest to rely on external forces to reach super divine battle power. You can temporarily break through the bottleneck through the combination of Teacher Yings Wish Star power and Baby Ginsengs time power and have the battle power of a high-level planet. This way, not many people in the team are your match.”

“No matter what, Teacher Ying is the strongest expert of the Star Prayer Race, an existence that exceeds transcendent 3. As long as you obtain her help, defeating the cosmic behemoth is easy.”

Upon hearing Lings analysis, Little Zi felt that it made sense and immediately ran to cozy up to Teacher Ying.

“Little guy, why are you here?” The gem cat saw that Little Zi had run over to look for it eagerly, as if it had something to ask of it. It couldn’t help but smile lazily.

“l see. You want to sign a contract with me and let me be your guardian?”

“l have to say, you really have good taste.” The gem cat was filled with emotions. Not long ago, she was also a guardian existence in the eyes of all students in Ancient Capital University. However, after seeing Shi Yu, this guy’s entire team regarded her as a hooligan. It was very overboard.

Fortunately, this seaweed rice ball knew who the real backer was and who could really make it stronger.

“Alright, from today onwards, you’re my student. I’ll teach you to become stronger.”

“But I have a condition. In the next team internal competition, you have to get into the top three for me to prove yourself!” The gem cat was excited.

“Mi, Mi!! (Hello, Teacher!)” Little Zi was extremely excited.

The gem cat sighed. As expected, competition within the team was the first motivation for Shi Yu t s team to become stronger. When the cosmic behemoth arrived, this little star was indeed anxious. The subsequent strengthening speed… should be very ridiculous..