Chapter 1711 - Chapter 1711: Exposing King Doing New Jobs (1)

Chapter 1711: Exposing King Doing New Jobs (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Alright.”

“Next is Little Zi.”

“It’s a planetary life form, so you understand, right?”

At this moment, Shi Yu had already introduced Little Zi to Bu Lu.

Bu Lu had already heaved a sigh of relief.

Eleven, Susu, and Ling, who Shi Yu introduced at the start, really shocked it.

It thought that Shi Yu’s team was filled with monsters of this level.

If that was the case, it would be awkward for it to say the words “I’ll be your strongest trump card if I join the team”.

Fortunately, apart from Eleven and the others, Shi Yu’s other pets didn’t look very strong.

Although their talents were also very terrifying, their strength had yet to reach the level of the epoch god.

In that case, it should still be very necessary for Shi Yu. Bu Lu didn’t want it to only provide negative help to others.

At that moment, it was Little Zi t s turn. Bu Lu immediately said, “Don’t worry, I’m not interested in planetary life forms. 1 won’t bully it.”

Just as it finished speaking, a huge super divine wave suddenly came from the outside world, stunning Bu Luz

This super divine wave was incomparably powerful, far from what ordinary super divines could compare to. Its divine power had reached a level that exceeded transcendent 3 and filled the entire starry sky.

“What’s wrong?” Bu Lu said.

Ling said, “Don’t worry, Little Zi is experimenting with new tactics in the outside world.’

“Little Zi is a high-level planet??” It said in disbelief.

Ling said, “It’s an intermediate-level planet, but its godmother was a cosmic-level star in its previous life. Its skills are relatively powerful, and it can display the battle power of a high-level planet.”

Bu Lu was stunned.

At the side, Shi Yu also scratched his head. Well, he didn’t expect Teacher Ying to be so helpful to Little Zi.

Well… Blue Planet had taught Little Zi skills.

As for the Star Prayer Race, it was one of the rarest races born on the World King Planet. It was also taught its power by the Star Prayer Race and Little Zi through the Star Contract.

At this moment, could Little Zi be considered to have hugged the thighs of two cosmic stars in one go?

It was the most powerful in the team when it came to acknowledging mothers.

“From the looks of it.” Shi Yu looked at Bu Lu and said, “You can’t bully Little

Zi even if you want to.”

“As long as it doesn’t bully you.”

Bu Lu’s expression turned bitter. It was so ridiculous for himitto join this team.

Knock, knock, knock.

At this moment, a seaweed rice ball was suddenly pasted outside the window of the room.

Little Zi t s face was stuck outside. It knocked on the glass and looked at the little monkey inside excitedly.

Little Zi thought to itself that this guy should be stronger than Little Ji and

Duckie. If it was taken in as a underling, it would definitely have full cards.

Abnormal, abnormal, this team was abnormal. Although it wasn’t interested in planetary life forms, in the past, planetary life forms were afraid to death when they saw it, but why did this guy look like it wanted to eat it up??

“Stop fooling around. Home is more important.” Shi Yu said to Little Zi, “Let’s talk about it in the next team internal competition.”

“The team internal competition? Another god?” Bu Lu said.

“You’ll know in the future. In the next period of time, after getting to know your teammates, you can cultivate with Beast Shi Yu first.”

“You should have sensed its feedback to you too, right??”

“Yes, my physical strength is a little stronger,” it said.

“This is only the beginning. When I study the battle system of the last era carefully, you definitely have more cooperative methods,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright!” Bu Lu looked forward to it.

However, when it turned around, it immediately saw the purple planet stuck to the window looking at it eagerly.

Bu Lu: “…”

Soon, Bu Lu, who had gotten to know his new teammates, was sent by Shi Yu to meet them.

Through its body control, Bu Lu, who had turned into a little monkey form, entered the welcoming hall of the battleship in fear.

Then, it saw a pile of figures that it had already familiarized itself with just now.

“Wuu! (Welcome!)” With Eleven as the lead, the pets welcomed Bu Lu into the team, making Bu Lu a little touched.

“Hello,” Bu Lu said.

Soon, Bu Lu and his pets mixed around and got to know each other better. They obtained a lot of information that couldn’t be obtained from the resume video.

For example, Baby Ginseng was the team chef who created the Cultivation Fruit and all-purpose delicacies.

For example, Ling was the secretary who supervised everyone’s training plans to become stronger.

Every pet had its own division of labor in the team.

“l like this division of labor,” Bu Lu said. “Then I should be a combatant in the team, right?”

“Ji! (What nonsense are you talking about?)” Buggy looked at it.

“Ji! (Don’t you realize that Shi Yu wants to contract a cosmic behemoth because he likes the cosmic behemoth that knows the Hole of the Universe and is suitable as a transportation tool?)”

The other pets also nodded.

Ling said, “Bu Lu, I’ll leave the rest of the journey to you. 1 need your Hole of the Universe Teleportation to return with me. This can save a lot of time.

Don’t worry, your consumption will be replenished by the food created by Baby Ginseng.”

Bu Lu: “?”

It looked at Baby Ginseng and saw Baby Ginseng also shrugging and looking at it helplessly.

[Combatant X New Generation Transport 4]

After Bu Lu joined the team, Shi Yu and the others’ sailing speed was much faster.

The combination of the Hole of the Universe and the cosmic battleship was undoubtedly very perfect.

However, if a skill like the Hole of the Universe wanted to be teleported over a long distance, the consumption wasn’t small, so Bu Lu couldn’t keep using it.

When it rested, it was time for Beast Shi Yu to cultivate with Bu Lu..