Chapter 1722 - Chapter 1722: Second Transmigration (1)

Chapter 1722: Second Transmigration (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

This day, the Exposing King reappeared.

The current absolute hot topic on the World King Planet was Shi Yu launching a transcendent duel with the Four Saints super divines.

At this moment, the Exposing King appeared. As expected, this guy came to ride on the popularity again.

Of course, as the most infuriating video owner on the World King Planet, the Exposing King received a lot of attention.

Many people wanted to see what the Exposing King thought of this incident.

Soon, the masked Exposing King appeared in the video.

“Hello, everyone. I believe you already know what I’m going to talk about next…”

“That’s right. Today, I’m going to expose why Shi Yu dares to challenge the Four Saints super divine!”

“Let’s start from the start of this incident. Lu Qingyi and Huang Xi of the Dong Huang Realm cracked the nirvana ruins. Then, they were snatched by the reborn, Zhou Lan!”

“Who’s Zhou Lan? He’s a genius secretly cultivated by the Vermillion Bird super divine. He’s a genius whose Beast Taming level has reached the 11th heavenly layer of the divine level. As everyone knows, the divine level is only at the 10th heavenly layer.”

“However, that’s not the case. As long as the Beast Tamer nurtures an epoch-level pet, he has hope of breaking through the limit and reaching the special realm of the 11th heavenly layer of the divine level.”

“This realm has battle power that’s not inferior to transcendent 1.”

As the Exposing King finished speaking, many divine-level experts found it unbelievable. This was the first time they knew that divine-levels had such a realm.

“However, Zhou Lan was instantly killed by Shi Yu’s pet outside the ruins!”

“Tell everyone the reason. The current Shi Yu is already terrifyingly strong. 1 hope he won’t be wanted by Shi Yu after this revelation.”

“He has already broken through the limit three times in a row and reached the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level. His pets, Eleven, Susu, and Ling, have even reached the epoch god level, and they’re not ordinary epoch gods.”

“Eleven instantly killed Zhou Lan, a divine-level expert at the 11th heavenly layer a million years ago, and his epoch god-level pet, without the enhancement of a Beast Tamer.’

“l can tell that Shi Yu’s current strength, even including himself and Eleven, is definitely comparable to transcendent 3.”

“In addition, Shi Yu has a lot of pets. If we work together, we should be able to display strength that exceeds transcendent 4.”

“No, according to my understanding, it’s 100% that it has battle power that exceeds transcendent 4.”

“The Black Tortoise and White Tiger super divines are only above transcendent 4. Shi Yu might have the strength to fight them. Shi Yu wants to use their pressure to break through to a higher realm.”

“Although it’s still a little dangerous to do this, the train of thought of a genius is always unimaginable. Therefore, it’s still uncertain who will win.”

“This is all Shi Yu’s trump cards.”

“I’m really curious about the outcome of this battle.” After the Exposing Kings words, World King Planet trembled.

13th heavenly layer of the divine level!

Even most super divines had never experienced this realm.

The Exposing Kings words stunned them.

“Impossible. Shi Yu has actually reached the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level.” On World King Star, many epoch gods and divine-level Beast Tamers above Level 10 who had woken up from their sleep were shocked by Shi Yu’s strength.

They were all the strongest divine-levels of the various eras on World King Planet. The oldest could even be traced back to hundreds of millions of years ago.

Among them, they were basically Level 11 and 12 Beast Tamers.

It was precisely because of this that they knew how difficult it was to reach the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level. It was definitely not something that could be reached with just three epoch god pets.

These geniuses had participated in the Origin Battle countless times. According to their memories, there was only one Beast Tamer at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level in the Cosmic Sea now.

They didn’t believe that Shi Yu, a rising star, could actually surpass them and reach this realm in just a few decades.

If that was the case, then Shi Yu was too terrifying. He was definitely a great enemy for them to fight for the source of transcendence.

However, if it was really the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level, no wonder Shi Yu had the confidence to challenge the Four Saints super divine level. Above the 10th heavenly layer of the divine level, it was already comparable to super divine battle power.

The 11th heavenly layer was comparable to super 1, the 12th heavenly layer was comparable to super 2, and the 13th heavenly layer was comparable to super 3. From the looks of it, although the difference between Shi Yu and the Four Saints super divine was still there, it wasn’t as big as they had imagined previously.

Therefore, in the eyes of these people, the revelation of the Exposure King was reasonable.

The ridiculous thing was Shi Yu t s level, and the reasonable thing was that only with such a level was he qualified to challenge the Four Saints super divine. “We have to watch this battle,” many experts thought.

“However, this Exposing King is really immoral. He actually directly exposed Shi Yu’s trump card. I remember that during the God Sealing Battle, it was also him who exposed Shi Yu’s information.”

“This guy is a crazy dog that bites everyone. The Four Holy Family has also been exposed by it. However, its revelation this time is equivalent to helping the Four Holy Family. I reckon Shi Yu will hate it to the core.” Countless people participated in the discussion.

In the Dong Huang Realm, Patriarch Tu Tu looked at Shi Yu and said, “Are you satisfied now? However, such ridiculous information is actually not your trump card??”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Of course not. It can only be considered basic information, the foundation of the foundation. However, it’s enough. After knowing this information, it’s impossible for the Four Saints to refuse the challenge.”

“It’s impossible for them to let a Beast Tamer at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level who has a grudge with them grow up and transcendent duel, giving them a legal and reasonable place to deal with me… This level can both make them afraid and make them fearless… However, when they really step into the Duel Arena, they will discover that the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level is only my most inconspicuous trump card..”