Chapter 1721 - Chapter 1721: Inviting You In (4)

Chapter 1721: Inviting You In (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

With that said, the owl took out a crystal ball and knocked on it. Then, the profile picture of a ratman appeared in the crystal ball.

As soon as this ratman spoke, it let out a furious voice.

“Sister, what are you guys doing? I’ve heard it all. Shi Yu, why are you launching a transcendent duel with the Four Saints super divine?”

“Who should I ask?” the owl said.

“Does he want to die? That’s the Four Saints super divine.”

“Patriarch Tu Tu, don’t panic. I’m definitely confident enough to issue a challenge,” Shi Yu said with a smile as he looked at the crystal ball.

“Come and help us. We plan to predict the true identity of the Exposing King. The Exposing King should know a lot of information about the abilities of the Four Saints super divines. We need to cooperate with it.”

“Ah, this.” Patriarch Tu Tu never expected that it would even attract trouble for itself.

“It’s very difficult. How can the identity of the Exposing King be so easy to investigate?” it said.

The owl said, “Don’t worry, let me tell you. Did you see the cat beside you? We successfully found the other four Wish Stars on this trip to the overlord territory. She has already reached transcendent 3 and is the strongest Star Prayer Race in history. Coupled with its power, it’s not a problem to divine the identity of a mere Exposing King.”

“I’ve thought about it. After knowing who the Exposing King is, we’ll first use our identities as a threat to squeeze out the value of the Exposing King. Then, we’ll sell it. Beautiful.’

“l wonder how many years of revenue its bounty can match our family’s.”

“Hmph.” The cat nodded. Meow.

Patriarch Tu Tu: “?”

Holy sh*t, that Star Prayer Cat had reached transcendent 3?

Ridiculous, how could it be so fast?

With the power of the Astrologer Race’s treasure, it was really possible to divine the identity of the Exposing King…

Large beads of sweat flowed down Patriarch Tu Tu’s forehead.

Wait a minute, damn, its big sister wanted to sell itself for money???

“There’s no need to kick someone to the curb when they’ve outlived their usefulness like this. As long as the Exposing King cooperates obediently…” Shi Yu said.

“Hey, hey, hey. Actually, there’s no need, right? Isn’t it just information about the Four Saints super divine? There are also some records in the Astrologer Race…” Patriarch Tu Tu said.

“I think the Exposing King isn’t simple. It’s better not to provoke it easily.”

“Indeed, so we have to predict its identity first before deciding whether to come into contact with it,” Shi Yu said.

“Brother, bring the family’s treasure to the Dong Huang Realm now. Hurry up. Why don’t we pick you up?” the owl said.

Patriarch Tu Tu: “You guys…”

Patriarch Tu Tu began to panic. Damn, this group of people… Could they do something serious?

“Brother? What’s wrong with you?”

The owl girl looked at the sweating ratman in the crystal ball with a strange expression.

Shi Yu also looked at Patriarch Tu Tu in surprise. Why was this guy panicking when the owl divined the identity of the Exposing King?

[Master, is there a possibility that it’s the Exposing King?] Ling said in the

Beast Taming Space.

Shi Yu was speechless.

Holy sh*t.

“From the general analysis results…” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched as he looked at the crystal ball.

“Patriarch Tu Tu, you’re so unwilling to cooperate with us to investigate the identity of the Exposing King. In addition, the Exposing King knows everything… Why do I feel that your Astrologer Race surprisingly matches the identity of the Exposing King?” Shi Yu looked at Teacher Owl. “Don’t tell me your little brother is the Exposing King?”

Prediction Owl: ???

The owl widened its eyes and looked at its brother in the crystal ball, its expression gradually changing.

“No, no, how is that possible? What revelations, what king?” In the crystal ball, Patriarch Tu Tu hurriedly waved its hand to deny it.

“Then bring the family’s treasure over and assist us in divination,” Teacher Owl said.

“This, this, this…” Patriarch Tu Tu was stunned.

“It can’t be true, right!” The gem cat was also very shocked. The Exposing King was Brother Owl??

What a joke.

Damn it, how could he exchange it for money then?

“Alright! I admit that I’m the Exposing King. You guys are so annoying,” Patriarch Tu Tu said angrily.

As soon as Tu Tu finished speaking, Shi Yu, the gem cat, the owl, and the others fell silent. They stared at Tu Tu intently with incredulous expressions.

What, really?

“I’m also forced by life. For the revival of the Astrologer Race, don’t talk nonsense and don’t think about divination. You can’t leave any traces. Otherwise, the Astrologer Race will die, and you won’t be able to escape. This is even more serious than offending the Four Holy Family.”

“F*ck, you’ve already cooperated with me, so why are you still running to predict the cosmic level? Do you want me to die?” Shi Yu said. What this guy did was indeed more dangerous than offending the Four Holy Family.

“Aren’t you the same? You’ve already become the Sons of Prophecy of the Astrologer Race. Isn’t it good to develop steadily? Why are you still messing around!”

Both parties instantly started arguing.

“Damn it, the Exposing King is actually my younger brother. How can I sell this for money?” Teacher Owl was dejected.

“Put righteousness before family?” the gem cat suggested.

“Shut up! Exposing King Tu Tu said, “The most important thing now is Shi Yu’s transcendent duel. I indeed have information about the Four Saints super divines here, but the strength of these guys isn’t something that can be defeated with information alone.’

“What exactly are you guys thinking?”

“Don’t worry about it first… Since you’re the Exposing King… Help me do something first,” Shi Yu said.

“What is it?”

“Tactical poof, inviting you into the trap. It’s just to help expose some fake news and confuse the Four Saints super divines. It’s not a problem for them to let their guard down, right?”

“???” the Exposing King was speechless..