Chapter 1720 - Chapter 1720: Inviting You In (3)

Chapter 1720: Inviting You In (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yes, don’t worry about me,” Shi Yu said. “If I have the time to study the nirvana ruins, 1 should still think of a way to increase my strength before the duel. The approval of the World King Planet for the transcendent duel shouldn’t be that fast. According to past practice, I won’t be able to fight for at least a year and a half. During this period of time, 1 can still sprint for strength.”

“But.”

“No buts. Next, let’s wait and see,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“l gave the Four Holy Family a reasonable way to kill me for nothing. They will definitely cherish this opportunity.”

“If you miss this opportunity, there won’t be a next time…”

Emperor Kong said, “No matter what, I should think of a way to contact Senior Emperor Shi first. I also have to tell the five super divines about the situation. They’re all on Blue Planet…”

Lin Feng said, “If you tell them, won’t you scare them to death…”

“Actually, my intention of issuing the transcendent duel was to not involve others. It’s better if you don’t work. Leave this matter to me to handle,” Shi Yu said.

“There’s no need to contact Senior Emperor Shi. There’s even no need to tell the super divines of the five divine races.”

“In the next few days, I’ll be deeply preparing for battle. You don’t have to worry. Just manage the Floating Realm and the Dong Huang Realm well.”

“I’m not talking to you anymore. Let’s go. If we continue, it’ll be a waste of time to prepare for battle.” Seeing that they still looked like they wanted to help, Shi Yu directly teleported and left, leaving the Space Emperor and the others speechless for a long time.

“Forget it, believe him…” Lin Feng said.

“Yes, he indeed won’t do anything he’s not confident in,” Lu Qingyi said. However, the rules of the transcendent duel were just lying to herself.

If Shi Yu really died in the transcendent duel, how could it not involve others? Even she would fight the Four Holy Family to the death until the destruction of the Four Holy Family.

Of course, Lu Qingyi still believed that Shi Yu could definitely win.

Next, Shi Yu returned to the Dong Huang Realm. Since he wanted to challenge the Four Saints super divine, he naturally had to make sufficient preparations. “How is it, Bu Lu? Is it exciting!” After returning, Shi Yu said to Bu Lu, who was using a new transportation tool.

As expected of a cosmic behemoth. It felt good to use it, like any door.

“Exciting…” The cosmic behemoth Bu Lu was depressed. As expected, its Beast Tamer was a lunatic.

It had heard of the Four Saints super divine. They were four very ancient super divines.

Just as he returned with Shi Yu, Shi Yu wanted to have a life-and-death duel with them. Ten thousand Iron-eating Beasts rolled across Bu Lu’s heart.

It felt that the probability of encountering life-and-death danger beside Shi Yu was higher than it being alone.

“Now I know why my bad luck can’t counter you. You don’t have to be countered at all. You’re looking for trouble every day,” Bu Lu said.

“I’m asking you if you dare to fight.”

“Fight!” Bu Lu said. “You just said that they tried to assassinate you, right?”

“You’re my Beast Tamer. No matter who the enemy is, we’re all together.”

“So what if they’re super divine? I’ll directly turn them into sticks and beat them to death!!” Bu Lu said.

It might not be able to defeat the Four Saints super divine itself, but with Beast Shi Yu, it was fearless.

It had really never fought a super divine that had transcended the middle stage.

“Wu        wu!!” Eleven praised Bu Lu.

“That’s enough.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’ll give you a surprise in two days.”

Bu Lu: Huh??

Shi Yu planned to pull the other skills of the cosmic behemoth to transcendence.

It only had four skills that had transcendence, but it was already so strong. If those dozen or so control skills reached transcendence, its strength might be able to leap even faster than Eleven and the others.

Coupled with Beast Shi Yu, it would definitely kill indiscriminately.

Of course, this was only one of Shi Yu’s many battle plans. When all the battle plans were completed, forget about transcendent 5, even if it was transcendent 6, he was confident that he could kill it with one hit.

“Alright, let’s get busy with other things first,” Shi Yu said.

“Teacher Ying, Teacher Owl.” Shi Yu invited the two cat teachers who had watched the whole process out.

“Ah.” At this moment, the two cats were also a little depressed. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to do such an exciting thing again just after returning.

“Tell us, what do you want us to do?” The gem cat sighed. It already knew that Shi Yu was about to start preparing for battle.

Moreover, he had to pull them along to help.

“Teacher Ying, help make a wish. I heard that the Black Tortoise family’s Black Tortoise super divine is good at divination. I’m afraid that it will divine its own death and is unwilling to accept the challenge. Even the other Four Saint super divines are afraid. Although the chances aren’t high… Please interfere with the divination of the others with Teacher Owl.’

“You don’t have to worry about that,” Teacher Owl said. “Ever since you contracted that Beast Shi Yu, not everyone can observe fate anymore. With that old turtle’s ability, he definitely can’t divine anything. However, it’s not impossible for us to jointly affect it. Perhaps we can give the other party a wrong judgment. ”

“Alright, there’s one more thing,” Shi Yu said. “I want to know more information about the Four Saints super divine and even the Four Holy

Family. As the saying goes, know yourself and the enemy, and you’ll win a hundred battles.’

“So… help me find out who the Exposing King is. This guy is so powerful, its information network must be very powerful. Find its identity and we’ll make a deal with it.”

“Sure!!” The owl said, “However, I reckon 1 have to borrow the power of the family’s treasure. I’ll contact my brother..”