Chapter 1725 - Chapter 1725: Two Transmigrations (4)

Chapter 1725: Two Transmigrations (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Shi Yu, this is the Chi You Ruins?” Bu Lu asked curiously in his sea of consciousness.

“Yes, stay here obediently first.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, the outside world indeed continued to act according to the obsession script.

Ying Long and Emperor Huang came looking for him.

Shi Yu was still not in a hurry to fight. Instead, he stood in the air and looked at Emperor Huang and Ying Long.

“Ying Long, do you know Shi Yu?” Shi Yu asked directly.

Ying Long was stunned.

“You still know that scourge?” Ying Long said, “No matter who you know, you won’t be able to escape death this time!!!”

It was the same script!!

According to his previous experience, after this, the dream obsession world should begin to collapse.

However, this time, Shi Yu directly activated the Luck Turns Around skill. A special wave spread from Shi Yu’s body. The rumbling world of obsession didn’t immediately collapse.

However, Emperor Huang and Ying Long seemed to be shocked as they carefully observed the surrounding environment.

“Chi You, what are you doing?”

“Answer me.” With Chi You’s body, Shi Yu said with difficulty, “Answer my question. I’ll admit defeat directly and listen to your judgment.”

Emperor Huang and Ying Long were shocked. They didn’t expect that the God of War, Chi You, would say such a thing.

This time, perhaps because Shi Yu was stronger, he wasn’t expelled from his body by Chi You’s obsession. Otherwise, Shi Yu felt that if Chi You knew that he had said such things with its body, he would definitely kill himself with a slash.

“Why are you mentioning that guy?” Ying Long said.

“So, you know Shi Yu, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“Answer me, who is he? Who is he? Where did he come from? What has he done? Tell me quickly.” Shi Yu felt that it was very difficult to maintain this dream ruin from collapsing. The consumption was very huge. His mental strength kept being consumed, and he couldn’t wait to obtain information from Ying Long.

Emperor Huang said, “I’ve heard of him.”

“It’s said that Shi Yu is a descender from the future. He used the power of space and time to come to the past and became a god in the ruins of the era. He was originally wanted by the ‘Heavenly Palace’ as a violator, but later on, the ‘Heavenly Palace’ inexplicably withdrew the arrest warrant.”

“He’s active in the various ruins and even offended many people in order to explore the ruins. You… What’s your relationship with Shi Yu?”

Shi Yu’s gaze swayed. Although he, Ling, and the others had long made such a guess, Shi Yu still had an indescribable emotion after learning the conclusion from the Yellow Emperor illusion.

He had really… transmigrated twice. The first time was when he transmigrated to the ancient Mythical Era on Earth. The second time was when he transmigrated to the Blue Planet’s Beast Taming Era in the next era.

“l…” Shi Yu still wanted to ask something else, but because he was too excited, his mental strength was greatly consumed. His body couldn’t withstand it, causing the dream to collapse again. Everything disintegrated, and he was forced to wake up.

“Hu…” Shi Yu suddenly got up and said while drenched in sweat, “Damn it, there’s not enough time.”

Moreover, although they didn’t obtain much information, they could tell that even Ying Long and Emperor Huang didn’t know much about “Shi Yu”.

“Shi Yu” at this stage wasn’t very strong. It was basically impossible to send “himself” to the next era.

Something else must have happened after that.

“Qi, with your current strength, how many years has it been since you transmigrated?” Shi Yu asked telepathically.

“About tens of millions of years ago…” Qi said, “l went myself. If I bring you along, it’ll be even closer…”

Ever since the Space-time Travel skill reached perfect proficiency, Qi could already bring contractors of the same level to transmigrate, but the consumption was still too huge.

“After you reach the epoch god and transcendent in space and time, it might be better. At that time, you might be able to transmigrate to hundreds of millions of years ago, but it’s not enough. Far from enough,” Shi Yu said. “If only you could transmigrate to ten billion years ago.”

“If possible, I really want you to be the first cosmic level in the team. Perhaps there’s hope of crossing the cosmic era…”

“Meow, meow, meow??” Qi didn’t know what stimulation Shi Yu had suffered again, but it liked to hear this..