Chapter 1727 - Chapter 1727: Transcendent Duel (2)

Chapter 1727: Transcendent Duel (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“However, the experiment that relied on the Fusion Talent this time is considered a success.’

“Yes…” Chi Tong nodded. It was already very good.

Moreover, he remembered that the fake source of transcendence Shi Yu had obtained from Blue Planet had yet to be used, right? If it was strengthened again, it would definitely be very strong. Well, Bu Lu still had room for improvement!

“Alright.” Shi Yu exited the fusion state with Beast Shi Yu and panted.

He looked at the starry sky and couldn’t wait anymore.

Next, Shi Yu continued to cultivate bitterly on Blue Planet. As Bu Lu had the Super Divine Will to begin with, its points were added very quickly. Its skill level was already high, so it didn’t take long for Shi Yu to maximize it.

Apart from that, Shi Yu had already maxed out the killer moves prepared for the Four Holy Beasts on Buggy, Chi Tong, Shorty, the Turtle, and Little Quas. As for himself, he kept training with Beast Shi Yu and strengthening the

“Fusion Shi Yu”.

In the blink of an eye, the time for the transcendent duel was getting closer and closer. Shi Yu, who was basically ready for battle, also prepared to return to the World King Planet to wait.

Before leaving, he came to the Ancient Capital and found Teacher Gem Cat and Teacher Owl.

During this period of time, the two of them had also been helping Shi Yu prepare for battle. The target of their teaching was one of Shi Yu t s pets, Little Zi.

“Mi! Seeing Shi Yu come over, Little Zi was extremely excited.

It had already signed a star contract with Teacher Gem Cat and Teacher Owl.

Not only could it summon their power projections, but it could also communicate with their power from a very far distance.

This way, Shi Yu could enjoy the power of the “Star Prayer Race” and the “Astrology Race” at any time.

This also saved Shi Yu the trouble of wandering outside in the future and being unable to borrow the full strength of the gem cat and owl teacher.

Well, there was one more thing that could increase the probability of the source of transcendence dropping in the transcendent duel.

In the transcendent duel, the gem cat and the owl teacher probably couldn’t provide support outside the arena. It all depended on their luck!

“Are you leaving?” Seeing Shi Yu arrive, the gem cat asked.

“Let’s go.”

“This day has finally come.” The Prediction Owl was a little expectant.

At the peak of the Astrologer Race, they wouldn’t have offended a huge monster like the Four Holy Family. Now that Shi Yu clearly wanted to destroy the Four Saints, she was a little excited.

“Let’s go, let’s go. This battle is much more profitable than going to Assassin Planet.’

“The Four Holy Family! the gem cat said. “Although the transcendent duel is a personal battle and doesn’t interfere with the faction behind it, the Four Saints super divine are the absolute pillars of the Four Holy Family. Once they die, the Four Holy Family will definitely immediately shatter.”

“At that time, this huge pie will definitely still be divided equally among the strongest Four Holy Evolvers today…”

It was Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others!

“That’s right,” Shi Yu said. “If I can defeat all the Four Saints in one go, I can almost monopolize the faith of the Four Saints like the previous Four Saints super divine…”

“The Dragon Slayer has finally become an evil dragon!” The owl sighed.

“That’s not necessary,” Shi Yu said. “l won’t restrict the other Four Holy Evolvers from breaking through to the super divine level. In a few years,

Buggy and the others will break through the evolution restrictions of the Four Holy Evolvers and find their own path. We’re not interested in constantly imitating the Four Holy Evolvers.”

“Alright, alright, alright.” The Prediction Owl knew that it couldn’t win against Shi Yu. This guy was becoming more and more arrogant, not even taking the Four Saints seriously.

But that made sense. What he wanted to do at the moment was to challenge the most perfect Four Saint lives that had evolved…

“Let’s go to Inatella,” Shi Yu said after putting Little Zi back into the Beast Taming Space.

Upon hearing that, the gem cat teacher nodded. It very consciously took on the role of a transportation tool and teleported everyone present!

Inatella.

“Are you leaving??”

After Shi Yu and the others descended, the World Tree appeared.

“I’ll go with you.”

“Oh?” Shi Yu said, “You’re going too??”

“Well, although Blue Planet can’t move, I can temporarily be Blue Planet’s eye to witness this battle,” the World Tree said. “When I return, I’ll transmit the entire battle back.”

“l understand. We definitely can’t miss this battle,” Teacher Owl said.

“Then let’s go together!” the gem cat said.

The World Tree directly made the special photo clone it created turn into a green vortex worm, planning to follow the cat team.

Half a year passed very quickly. For super divine levels, it was in the blink of an eye. Ever since the Sun God General announced the time of the transcendent duel between Shi Yu and the Four Saints, the entire World King Planet had been looking forward to this battle.

The experts of the entire Dong Huang Realm and the Floating Realm had already entered a level-one battle state to prevent all the accidents that might be caused by the transcendent battle.

As for Shi Yu, who was in the center of the vortex, he was definitely not the most nervous. After he returned to World King Planet, the first thing he did was actually invite Senior Panda to a meal.

“Senior Lin, I heard from Senior Space Emperor that you’re very worried about my situation. Actually, it’s nothing. Do you want to get together? I’ll show you a thing or two.”

During the time Shi Yu was cultivating bitterly on Blue Planet, he didn’t lose contact with World King Planet. The Space Emperor had looked for Shi Yu a few times to discuss business and private matters.

Among them, it mentioned how Lin Xiuzhu had asked about Shi Yu a few times.

The Space Emperor originally wanted Lin Xiuzhu to go to Blue Planet to find Shi Yu herself, but Senior Panda was afraid that it would affect Shi Yu’s cultivation, so it didn’t take action..