Chapter 1723 - Chapter 1723: Two Transmigrations (2)

Chapter 1723: Two Transmigrations (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“At that time, the roles of hunter and prey will be reversed.”

The Exposing King, Tu Tu, looked at Shi Yu’s smile with a disgusted expression. It had watched Shi Yu grow all the way, but in the blink of an eye, Shi Yu had already made it completely unable to see through him. It was really ridiculous…

A day later.

Outside the World King Planet, the most dazzling star among the many super divine level stars disappeared.

All the races on the World King Star saw a sun slowly disappear. Only some super divine experts knew that that star was one of the three peak super divine life forms under the World King.

Sun God General Hepri.

At this moment, the Sun God General Hepri up from its sleep and turned into a human figure surrounded by orange-red flames, staring at World King Planet.

The various super divine experts looked at the sky and felt a terrifying power of flames. Everyone understood that the overseer of the transcendent duel had appeared.

As the strongest divine level in this era, the faction behind Shi Yu involved several super divines. He was qualified to receive a response to his challenge.

Otherwise, if the grudge between him and the Four Saints super divine was resolved in other ways, it would definitely cause a super divine battle that swept through more than ten domains. In order to maintain the stability of the World King Planet, the Sun God General Hepri didn’t allow such a situation to happen.

Therefore, agreeing to Shi Yu’s application and presiding over the transcendent duel was the best solution. All the grudges would be resolved by Shi Yu and the Four Saint super divines alone.

“Do you accept the transcendent duel from the realm lord of Dong Huang Realm, Shi Yu?”

The Four Saints super divines of the Green Dragon Family, the Vermillion Bird Family, the Black Tortoise Family, and the White Tiger Family heard the voice of the Sun God General, Hepri.

“Accepted.”

At this moment, the expressions of the Four Saints super divines were extremely unfriendly. Shi Yu’s high-profile announcement of their connection to the Assassin Planet placed the reputation of the Four Holy Family at a very disadvantageous point.

Although the Four Holy Family had once refuted the rumors, they couldn’t sway public opinion. Now, the Four Saints only wanted to get rid of Shi Yu. It was indeed impossible for the four of them to let go of the opportunity that Shi Yu had delivered to their door.

Shi Yu coveted the position of super divine of the Four Saints and slandered the Four Holy Family. His ambition was unfathomable. Because of this, they also had to respond to the challenge and personally deal with Shi Yu on Duel Star.

As long as Shi Yu died, everything could be settled. The loser never had the right to speak. The truth was written by the winner. At that time, the defeated Shi Yu would completely lose.

As for why Shi Yu dared to challenge them, the Exposing King had already made it very clear.

Although the Exposing King wasn’t liked on the World King Planet and had even exposed the matter of the Four Holy Family… It was precisely because of this that the Four Saints super divine knew that what the Exposing King said was basically correct.

From the information revealed by the Exposing King, Shi Yu indeed had the initial qualifications to challenge them. At the very least, his battle power had reached the mid-stage super divine level. This was undoubtedly very unbelievable.

However, if this was all Shi Yu’s trump cards, Shi Yu had underestimated them.

It was unknown how long it had been since they last attacked, but as the strongest Four Holy Evolver, their strength was far stronger than it looked!

If he wanted to use them as stepping stones, it had to be said that Shi Yu had a death wish.

This opportunity was rare. Shi Yu e s potential was too terrifying, and he had even revealed his fangs. The Four Saints super divine had no choice but to

take it seriously. Just as Shi Yu had said, this transcendent duel was one of the few opportunities they had.

Of course, the Four Saints didn’t underestimate the enemy. They even asked the Black Tortoise super divine to divine the outcome of this battle.

After countless chaotic divinations, the outcome was surprisingly auspicious, indicating that Shi Yu had no chance of winning this transcendent duel.

Although it wasn’t a blessing, the word “luck” had already explained Shi Yu’s fate.

“This battle is a blessing, not a blessing. This means that there are indeed some hidden dangers in this battle. It might be from the Blue Planet lineage or Shi Yu, but it’s already worth fighting. Therefore, Vermillion Bird, I’ll leave it to you,” the Black Tortoise super divine said.

“It doesn’t matter. I’ll completely destroy it,” the Vermillion Bird super divine said.

Because of Shi Yu’s provocation, it was the first to respond to Shi Yu’s transcendent duel. Therefore, at that time, it would be the first to fight Shi Yu.

Now, the entire World King Planet knew that Shi Yu had killed its cultivator and defeated its clone phantom in front of it. If it didn’t respond to the challenge, there was no need for it to stay on World King Planet.

“Vermillion Bird, I hope you can kill him directly. If you lose, that will be too ugly,” the Green Dragon super divine said. It was the second to respond to the transcendent duel.

Its and the Vermillion Bird’s super divine levels were also the highest among the Four Saints. One was at transcendent 5, while the other was at transcendent 6. Even if Shi Yu had battle power comparable to transcendent 4, he was definitely not their match.

Of course, even the White Tiger and the Black Tortoise super divine that had reached transcendent 4 didn’t think that they would lose to Shi Yu. They each had their own unique skills, and their strength wasn’t much inferior to the Green Dragon super divine.

“Green Dragon, watch your words,” the Vermillion Bird super divine said. “You think I’ll lose?”

“l didn’t say that.”

In the void, the phantom of the Four Saints super divine echoed. Its power was vast, sweeping through the sky of more than ten domains.

As for the experts who were watching the Starry Sky Bright Sun, they finally waited for the specific time of the transcendent duel.

During this period of time, Shi Yu had also received the condolences of many familiar faces, such as Senior Emperor Wu, Senior Dragon Emperor, and Senior Panda, but they were all told by Shi Yu that it was fine.

“In half a year, I’ll fight the Vermillion Bird, the Green Dragon, the White

Tiger, and the Black Tortoise on Duel Star one after another..”