Chapter 1724 - Chapter 1724: Two Transmigrations (3)

Chapter 1724: Two Transmigrations (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“No way, it’s so overboard. It’s really a continuous challenge.”

In the Dong Huang Realm, after Shi Yu learned the exact time of the duel, he smiled bitterly. One way or another, he even felt that he was a lunatic. Challenging four super divines in a row didn’t look like a move to live no matter how he looked at it.

In his impression, there seemed to be no example of a divine level launching a transcendent duel with multiple super divines in a row.

Shi Yu originally thought that the Sun God General would staggered these battles and let him fight one first. After a while, he would fight another one and give him enough time to rest. However, he didn’t expect the mechanism to be like this… It was all pushed to a period of time for the battle.

“However, it doesn’t matter. As long as I have the skill to nurture battle with battle, it’s fine. At that time, not only will my condition not decrease, but my strength will also increase.” Shi Yu stood up, and an eager little monkey followed beside him.

“Shi Yu, why aren’t you adding points anymore?”

“Rest for a while. We’ll add more later. Teacher Ying and the others are here.” In just a few days, the cosmic behemoth completely fell.

For the first time, Bu Lu knew that there was such a way to increase strength.

“Shi Yu, I’ve found all the materials you want.” The gem cat teleported over and panted as it held a spatial equipment. There were various special resources inside.

After obtaining the information about the Four Saints super divine from the Astrologer Race, Shi Yu naturally began to prepare targeted accompanying moves.

Just like resisting the cosmic lightning tribulation and letting Eleven learn the Chaos Thunder Body.

Why couldn’t they learn the accompanying moves to counter the Four Saints super divine?

This should be the correct usage of the skill index. Skill Deduction. “I’m preparing to return to Blue Planet. Are you going?” Shi Yu took the resources and asked the gem cat.

“Go, go, go. I don’t want to stay on World King Planet anymore,” the gem cat said.

“Then let’s go,” Shi Yu said. He had gone to Blue Planet this time firstly because he wanted to take the remaining fake source of transcendence from Blue Planet and use it to strengthen Beast Shi Yu again. Secondly, he had almost cultivated his protective archeological skills.

He wanted to explore the Chi You Ruins on Earth again and see if he could gain anything.

On Blue Planet, Inatella. Just as Shi Yu returned, he was scolded by the World Tree.

“Lady Mother Goddess said that she respects your choice.”

“The will clone left behind by Emperor Shi also said that he respected your choice.’

“Strange, strange. These two actually trust you so much.”

Shi Yu covered his ears and said, “As expected, the stronger you are, the more reliable you are. So where are the five super divines?”

“l didn’t tell them. They’re in seclusion on Blue Planet,” the World Tree said.

“It’s right not to tell them. Otherwise, they probably won’t be able to close up well.” Shi Yu was amused.

“So what are you doing back this time? Do you need the help of your mother planet?” the World Tree said.

“Of course. How much fake source of transcendence is left on Blue Planet? Give it to me. I know that some of them were stored here by others, but it’s alright. I’ll return them soon. Lend them to me first,” Shi Yu said.

“That’s not a problem,” the World Tree said. “Is there nothing else?”

Shi Yu said, “No, I’m going to continue exploring the era ruins next. Just don’t disturb me if there’s nothing.”

“Hurry up and leave, kid.” The World Tree chased Shi Yu away.

Since Blue Planet’s Will and Emperor Shi, the strongest on Blue Planet, chose to believe Shi Yu, it could only believe it.

Shi Yu shrugged. He was in a hurry to return from the overlord territory this time. He originally wanted to tell Blue Planet and the Space Emperor and the others about the birth of the sixth universe level. Unfortunately, Shi Yu didn’t have to tell him about World King Planet at all. There was already news.

In order to not be involved in the chaotic dispute, Blue Planet had already decided to continue staying at the edge of the Cosmic Sea.

“Let’s go to the Chi You Ruins.” Shi Yu shouted for Bu Lu to teleport himself to Divine Capital.

As for Buggy, it was still resting… The recoil of the magnetic bank was really fierce, mainly because there were too many people it teleported in one go.

Even the gem cat, a super divine level with super high load.

Fortunately, it could definitely recover before the transcendent duel.

At this moment, many people had already moved out of this first-level city, including Divine Capital University. They moved the entire school in order to stop outsiders from being affected by the Chi You Ruins.

After protecting this place for a period of time, Senior Panda also successfully relied on the cultivation system of the previous era to win first place in the World Tournament and ascend to the World King Planet.

Shi Yu returned again and sighed.

The last time they explored this ruin, the phantoms of the Yellow Emperor, Chi You, and Ying Long seemed to know him…

Unfortunately, when Shi Yu wanted to ask more, the dream couldn’t take it anymore and collapsed.

This time, he had learned protective archeological skills. He had to stabilize the dream and get more useful information from these ancestors.

He descended to Divine Capital University and unlocked a portion of the seal of the Chi You Ruins. Then, he took out Baby Ginsengs cultivation fruit and entered the dream.

It was still the same script. Shi Yu possessed Chi You and became a defeated

Chi You.

However, this time, unlike the last time…

“Eh, where is this?” Shi Yu felt a familiar voice appear in his sea of consciousness.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “Bring Bu Lu in too.”

“It’s indeed a special existence. It can actually follow us into the era ruins like Beast Shi Yu..