Chapter 1729 - Chapter 1729: Transcendent Duel (4)

Chapter 1729: Transcendent Duel (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

This battle was really unexpected. Some people even started not to be on World King Planet, such as the cosmic overlord army’s 177th Fleet. They had only heard of it recently, but after hearing it, they undoubtedly rushed back immediately, wanting to witness it with their own eyes.

“It’s almost time…

“Zavay, do you think that guy has really reached the thirteenth level? Divine level… do those realms really exist?” Ming Gu, Zavay, and the other veteran contestants of the God Sealing Battle also came to the starry sky. Ming Gu rode the battleship of the Cosmic Crow family and came to watch the battle together.

“l don’t know. My old master said that even it isn’t a match for the Four Saints super divine. Even if Shi Yu really reaches that legendary realm, it’s still very difficult for me to believe that he’s a match for the Four Saints super divine.” Zavay was silent.

At the moment, it was still fighting in the God Sealing Battle, but Shi Yu had already exceeded the limit of the divine level. These people really couldn’t accept it.

Just as countless factions from all over gathered outside the Duel Star, the starry sky… suddenly lit up.

A supreme existence holding a scepter and a golden light wheel hanging behind him descended. Its entire body was filled with orange-red hot flames, and its face couldn’t be seen at all. It emitted a holy aura, like an elemental life form or a human god.

He opened his star-like eyes and stared at Duel Star. Under his gaze, in the distant starry sky, the real protagonist also began to arrive outside Duel Star.

In the distance, the four battleships representing the Four Saints family arrived one by one. In the opposite direction, the battleship representing the Blue Planet also carried countless people to this starry sky.

“Roar!!!” No, the real protagonist, the Four Saints super divine, wasn’t in the battleship. They had unknowingly revealed their figures in the starry sky. Four huge Holy bodies descended into this universe. A green dragon, a red divine bird, a white battle tiger, and a huge black turtle that was like a star stepped on the starry sky and arrived. Their aura spread infinitely into the starry sky.

“Looks like the relevant people are already here,” the Sun God General’s emotionless voice sounded.

As soon as he finished speaking, the Four Saints looked at Blue Planet’s battleship in unison. The Vermillion Bird super divine said in a low voice, “Little brat Shi Yu, get out here. As you wish, we’re here. Next, I’ll burn your body and soul clean and turn them into cosmic dust.”

“Who’s farting?” The door of the super battleship of the Blue Planet lineage opened. Shi Yu slowly walked out and used his psychic power to fly out calmly. He flew to a place higher than the Four Saints super divines and looked down at them.

They finally met… Shi Yu, who was sent out by the Space Emperor and the others, looked at the figures of the Four Saints super divines, reflecting different colors. His heart wasn’t calm.

When he took away the Four Holy Ruins, he was still afraid, but he didn’t expect that in just four to five years, he wasn’t afraid of such a huge monster.

“You’re still arrogant at the brink of death.” The Green Dragon super divine and the other supreme gods ignored Shi Yu. With the start of the transcendent duel, Shi Yu couldn’t escape today.

Even that Emperor Shi couldn’t save Shi Yu. The Sun God General would witness everything and preside over it in absolute fairness.

“Since both parties have already arrived, let’s start the transcendent duel under the gaze of Lord World King.” The Sun God General really didn’t seem to have any emotions. Upon hearing his words, countless people didn’t feel any warmth, and even felt their hearts turn cold.

This Sun God General was actually very terrifying. It only knew how to coldly and mercilessly carry out some rules set by the World King in a very long time. Many super divine lives that made mistakes were judged by it.

At this moment, although it had said that it would start the transcendent duel under the gaze of the World King, everyone actually knew that the World King wouldn’t pay attention to this kind of thing at all. He was in charge of this transcendent duel!

As the Sun God General finished speaking, Shi Yu and the Vermillion Bird super divine descended towards the Duel Star calmly!