Chapter 1728 - Chapter 1728: Transcendent Duel (3)

Chapter 1728: Transcendent Duel (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“You’re free?” Lin Xiuzhu was surprised. “It won’t affect you, right? You should hurry up and cultivate again.”

“I’m already done preparing. Next is the time to relax before the battle,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright… Then I’ll call everyone together and tell everyone that you’ve already returned to World King Planet,” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“Wu.” Shi Yu touched his head. Forget it, let’s go together.

That night, a huge banquet was held in the Dong Huang Realm.

Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, Lu Qingyi, Dragon God, Lin Xiuzhu, Divine Source, President Lin, and the others were all present. They were all absolute core figures of Dong Huangs bloodline on Blue

Planet.

Apart from that, there was also the gem cat, the owl, and the World Tree clone. It could be said that apart from Emperor Shi, everyone who should have arrived had arrived.

As the transcendent battle approached, these people indeed wanted to understand Shi Yu’s state. Only the pitiful super divines of the five divine races were still in the dark. It was mainly because Dong Huang and the others were afraid that they would drag him down…

The Dong Xuan Region and the Heavenly Demon Region had long exploded because of Shi Yu’s transcendent duel. Many top-notch divines were so scared that they peed their pants. They wanted to contact their ancestors, but they were stopped outside the teleportation array…

At the banquet, after reassuring his acquaintances, Shi Yu came to the roof in

a long time. He lay on it and looked at the moonlight.

“Speaking of which, after so long, the news of us completing the Glory Challenge and meeting the cosmic overlord in the overlord territory hasn’t been sent back to the Cosmic Sea?” Shi Yu said.

Ling said, “It hasn’t been long indeed. In addition, it might have involved a ‘cosmic overlord’. At least, no one in the cosmic overlord army dares to talk about it casually.”

“And within the cosmic overlord army, there are only a handful of people who have the ability to reach the Cosmic Sea before us. With their identities, they naturally won’t publicize this matter openly. If the news from that side wants to be transmitted, we have to at least wait for the epoch god there and their guardians to come to the Cosmic Sea.”

“According to various judgments, there might be less than 1,000 years until the universe condenses a transcendent origin. Moreover, it’s still accelerating…”

Shi Yu said, “1,000 years. From 20,000 years to 10,000 years, it’s pretty fast.

From the looks of it, it shouldn’t be long before we can have a big battle.”

“There’s not much time left for us to prepare. In the battle to transcend the origin, the highest possibility is the peak of the super divine level. This time, we have to borrow the power of the Four Saints to let Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others break through to the epoch god level!”

“Yes.” Ling nodded.

No one knew Shi Yu and the others’ bold plan this time. Next, they wanted to stage a grand “plunder” in front of the entire World King Planet, no, the entire Cosmic Sea, and the entire starry sky.

As the transcendent duel approached, the entire World King Planet became more and more oppressive.

Duel Star was one of the countless stars surrounding the World King Planet.

Duel Star was a dead star that didn’t give birth to life, but it had been personally modified by the World King a long time ago. Even if it was at the peak of the super divine level, it wouldn’t be affected by fighting on Duel Star.

All the power inside would be sealed in the Duel Star and wouldn’t affect the outside world.

At this moment, countless fleets had already ascended to the starry sky and arrived outside Duel Star.

Generally speaking, only the parties who transcendent dueled, as well as the witnesses and supervisors, were allowed to ascend the Duel Star.

However, the transcendent duel didn’t prohibit outsiders from watching. If they wanted to watch, they had to pilot the battleship themselves and watch outside the Duel Star.

Whether there was that technical method to observe the battle in a star in the starry sky depended on the audience’s own methods.

However, for a big matter that everyone was paying attention to, there was naturally no lack of spectators with superb methods. Several media outlets that crossed hundreds of major domains had already arrived at Duel Star a few days before the start of the duel and started a live broadcast.

On World King Planet, some spectators who didn’t have the ability to fly out of World King Planet also benefited from these few media outlets with strong backgrounds to pay attention to this shocking battle.

Through the technological equipment of these media outlets, they could even be immersed in it. It was equivalent to being in the starry sky and witnessing this battle with their great divine powers.

Of course, most capable people still chose to personally come to the starry sky of Duel Star to witness it.

“The legendary Shi Yu has really reached the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level?” Some geniuses who had awakened from ancient times were undoubtedly here. They were all from rich families and definitely had the support of super divine factions behind them. Until now, there were still people who were puzzled that Shi Yu had already broken through to the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level, but soon… they could see the truth.

“Unfortunately, Lord Bing Ling is deep in the Contaminated Land and can’t pay attention to this battle.” The battleship of the Environmental Protection Association arrived. Inside was the president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association, the genius of the Environmental Protection

Association that Duckie had encountered in the God Sealing Battle, and the

Purification Master who gave Duckie and Susu the assessment in the Blue Wave World. They came outside the Duel Star with extremely complicated expressions.

Compared to Shi Yu’s acquaintances, they had no chance to contact Shi Yu at all. They couldn’t know the specific situation at all.

In the Blue Wave Domain, Dr. Lei Nuo of the Space Disaster Research Institute also brought his granddaughter, Jin, and a bunch of big shots from the headquarters to the starry sky. Because this battle was important, even his old friend, the Space Emperor, didn’t say anything to them.

The old president of the Plant Association and a group of descendants of large families who had received the favor of the ginseng emperor also came to the starry sky.

Director Sen of the Myriad Races Committee, Director Di Yin, President Saatchi of the God Sealing Committee, and even Senior Sun and his son, who had lost to Lin Feng and the others with a super divine stone, came over. They stood in the starry sky and looked at the Duel Star in silence..