Chapter 1738 - Chapter 1738: World King’S Mission (1)

Chapter 1738: World King’s Mission (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

What?

The World King actually wanted to see Shi Yu?

The words of the Sun God General undoubtedly caused a huge ripple here.

No matter how strong they were or where they were, many people revealed incredulous expressions.

Lord World King… had already woken up?

Logically speaking, the realm king wouldn’t pay attention to such a small matter like a transcendent duel…

“That’s true. With such a big thing happening, it’s impossible for Lord World King to still be sleeping.”

In the direction of the Blue Planet battleship, the Prediction Owl said.

However, why did the Realm King want to see Shi Yu?

Moreover, it had been waiting for a long time?

In other words, from the start of this battle, or even earlier, the World King had already paid attention to Shi Yu?

The Prediction Owl was nervous. She had been around Shi Yu quite a lot. Could it be that she had also been paid attention to by the World King?

“What’s going on?” Lin Feng shouted.

“Because Shi Yu is a special existence,” Emperor Shi said.

“Senior Emperor Shi, what do you mean?” Emperor Space asked in confusion.

In the face of the worried gazes from Lu Qingyi and the others, Emperor Shi said, “It’s alright. If the World King wants to harm Shi Yu, there’s no need to go through so much trouble.”

The Sun God Generl, who was at the peak of the super divine level, could destroy the Four Saints so easily.

It would only take an instant for him to kill Shi Yu.

As for a peak super divine against a World King, it could also be killed in a breath. The difference in battle power was already comparable to a cosmic era.

That was why Emperor Shi said that if the World King wanted to harm Shi Yu, there was no need to make such a big fuss.

On this trip, apart from searching for the path to the cosmic level, Emperor Shi also used his time-element ability to find many opportunities. After breaking through many times in a row, he was even more afraid of the power of the cosmic level.

According to his understanding, every cosmic level was expert in the two major stats of time and space. In other words, the current six cosmic levels had much more time attainments than him.

At the same time, being expert in time and spatial power was a necessary condition to become a cosmic level!

“It’s like this,” the Space Emperor said. “l think… with Shi Yu!s terrifying talent potential, it’s not too much to say that he’s the strongest below the cosmic level. He’ll definitely reach the peak of the super divine level in the future. It seems to be understandable for Lord World King to want to see him.”

“Perhaps the World King wants to nurture Shi Yu into a right-hand man, just like the Sun God General and the others.’

The epoch god who had once killed many super divines on the World King Planet was later incorporated by the World King. He was one of the three peak super divines on the World King Planet and the right-hand man of the World

King.

Perhaps, in the eyes of the World King, Shi Yu was next!

Cosmic-levels didn’t value ordinary super divines, but they still cared a little about peak super divines.

“Lord World King wants to see me?” At the same time, Shi Yu exited his battle state in confusion.

His train of thought was immediately interrupted by the Sun God General. In the face of the envious gazes of countless people around him, Shi Yu only felt strange.

In a year, he had seen two cosmic levels in a row. His experience was probably the only one in the entire universe.

He just didn’t know what the World King wanted to do…

Shi Yu instantly imagined many guesses.

“You’ll understand when we get there.”

When the Sun God General’s will arrived, a spatial black hole appeared not far from Shi Yu. Before Shi Yu could react, he was directly sucked in.

Seeing this scene, Chi Tong, Buggy, Bu Lu, and the others quickly entered the Beast Taming Space and went over with Shi Yu.

“Lucky guy,” the Sun God General thought to himself when he saw Shi Yu’s disappearing figure.

He didn’t know why the World King was looking for Shi Yu.

He only knew that after Shi Yu returned to the World King Planet and issued a transcendent duel to the Four Saints super divines, the World King had already reminded him…

Let him approve this transcendent duel.

If Shi Yu could defeat the Four Saints super divine, she would let Shi Yu meet

her.

If Shi Yu couldn’t defeat the Four Saints super divine, he had to protect Shi Yu t s life under the Four Saints super divine.

Regarding Lord World Kings order, the Sun God General was silent.

The rules of the transcendent duel were definitely determined by the World King. And now, it didn’t matter if the World King broke the rules for this Shi Yu. This was undoubtedly an unbelievable thing.

It could be said that regardless of whether it was stronger than Shi Yu, the fate of the Four Saints super divine had already been decided from the moment the World King paid attention to Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s weight in the heart of the World King was far more important than a mere Four Saints super divine…

“Talent potential? No, it’s not that simple.”

The Sun God General didn’t dare to spy on the reason behind this. He only carried out the orders of the World King one by one.

“Yes, yes, ah.”

At the same time, Shi Yu was teleported to a very unfamiliar place in a daze.

The feeling of the world spinning almost made him vomit.

Damn, did the Sun God General know teleportation?

It wasn’t half as good as Buggy’s skills.

After Shi Yu stabilized his state with physical control, he looked around.

He realized that… he should be on a sky bridge??

The white stone sky bridge floated in the sky, surrounded by a white sea of clouds. Looking up at the blue sky, there were no traces of the starry sky at all.

This was an independent world…

Shi Yu quickly made a judgment.

However, after paying attention to this bridge in the sky, he realized that be it in front or behind, it looked endless. He couldn’t reach the end at all.

“Lord World King, you were looking for me?” Shi Yu didn’t walk around rashly.

Instead, he asked..