Chapter 1732 - Chapter 1732: Smashing To Death (3)

Chapter 1732: Smashing to Death (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Emperor Shi’s figure appeared on the Blue Planet battleship, shocking the surrounding Emperor Kong and the others. However, soon, everyone looked at Shi Yu.

“F*ck, what’s this!!!” Ming Gu and the others were extremely shocked. Unlike the power of the Vermillion Bird super divine that infinitely resonated with the outside world and stretched out before gathering, Shi Yu’s eruption completely erupted from their bodies. It was a terrifying power that belonged to them alone. It was so terrifying that it was enough to ignore everything. “Even that cosmic behemoth can only become a vassal of this power.”

Countless Beast Tamers’ pupils constricted. As Shi Yu Shapeshifted, they understood why that cosmic behemoth was willing to become a weapon.

“Impossible!” At this moment, even the Green Dragon super divine and the others exclaimed in their hearts. This was because what Shi Yu was displaying now was really an extreme difference from what they had expected.

They originally thought that Shi Yu’s strongest trump card was the realm of the thirteen heavens and the combined strength of a few epoch god pets. However, this ridiculous scene stimulated the hearts of the Four Saints super divines at all times because they sensed power that exceeded everything and was comparable to a high-level transcendent on the current fused Shi Yu!!

“Exterminate! At that moment, the most shocked was still the Vermillion Bird super divine. It was originally waiting for Shi Yu, this little white rabbit, to display its strength before being mercilessly crushed by it, but who would have thought that the originally harmless little white rabbit would instantly turn into a terrifying black hole, as if it wanted to devour everything?

As soon as the word “annihilate’! fell, Shi Yu waved the huge stick in his hand and fused with the source power. He smashed at the Vermillion Bird super divine from afar. On the side of the planet, a terrifying shock wave instantly made the entire planet tremble, making the planet coat that isolated all power tremble violently!

“Vermillion Bird…” In the face of this terrifying attack, the Vermillion Bird super divine let out a high cry. It waved its Heaven Sweeping Wings, and the World Destruction Flame that fused with the power of faith swept over like a sea of fire.

However, in the face of this simple shock wave, the endless World Destruction Flame was smashed into oblivion by the rod with a boom. The shock wave devoured the World Destruction Flame and landed on the Vermillion Bird super divine at a speed faster than the speed of light.

In an instant, the huge body of the Vermillion Bird super divine shattered like paper. Accompanied by the cry of the Vermillion Bird super divine, its body was actually directly blown up. Flame-like blood rain splattered in all directions, filling the sky with stars.

In an instant, the entire place fell silent.

Countless people who were paying attention to this battle revealed incredulous expressions. However, this wasn’t the end. How could the Vermillion Bird super divine be defeated so easily? As the strongest faith god, as long as its faith wasn’t destroyed and it didn’t die, it was already a basic operation.

Almost instantly, the Vermillion Bird super divine that was killed by Shi Yu’s club was reborn from the flames and recovered to its original state. However. at this moment, everyone could feel an indescribable shock in its eyes.

It seemed to not understand why Shi Yu had such ridiculous battle power.

“As long as your faith isn’t destroyed and you don’t die, I’ll make you lose your faith.” Shi Yu’s voice resounded through the starry sky as he swung his rod again. This time, the Vermillion Bird super divine let out an angry cry. The five Sun of Transcendences on its body flickered as it used a killer move different from the World Destruction Flame. However, in an instant, everyone saw Duel Star darken. With a swing, the Vermillion Bird super divine’s body collapsed again, turning into a blood mist that filled the sky that was smashed by the rod!

The transcendent Yang on its body was also extinguished. At this moment, the White Tiger and Black Tortoise super divines were shocked and couldn’t understand.

And this was only the beginning of everything Shi Yu had planned. As the Vermillion Bird super divine revived for the second time, a black-clothed Sword Maiden slowly appeared beside Shi Yu and protected him.

She had a beautiful appearance with a small red Vermillion Bird on her shoulder. Both parties looked at the condensed Vermillion Bird phantom with cold expressions.

“Shi Yu!!!” The Vermillion Bird super divine roared angrily. However, it saw that Shi Yu was already sitting on a throne that slowly materialized in the sky, standing tall in the sky with the huge rod.

“You’re too weak.’

“He’s not worthy of him attacking.” Chi Tong was like a guard on a throne. It conjured the Vermillion Bird Sword and attacked the Vermillion Bird super divine.

At this moment, the Vermillion Bird super divine couldn’t understand why a weak ant whose aura wasn’t even comparable to the epoch god dared to attack him.

But soon, it realized that it was wrong. At some point in time, it realized that it had actually started to slowly lose control of the power of faith of the Vermillion Bird and replace it. It was the guy in front of it who plundered its strength.

Skill: Faith Plunder

[Effect]: As long as you kill it once, you can plunder a portion of its faith authority.

The move Shi Yu had deduced for Chi Tong and the others, together with the martial power of the fused Shi Yu, could weaken the Four Saints super divines to the greatest extent and strengthen his Four Saints pets.

Although this move belonged to a pet, because Shi Yu had a contract with a pet, it could also be seen as the same body.

Under Shi Yu’s killing, after two rounds, Chi Tong had already plundered a lot of the Vermillion Bird super divine’s faith authority. Even the Vermillion Bird super divine itself didn’t realize that because it had lost its faith authority, it had revived for the second time. Because it didn’t have enough power of faith, its strength was already less than one-tenth of its peak strength.

On the other hand, although Chi Tong wasn’t an epoch god, after plundering the authority of faith, under the enhancement of the power of faith, it relied on the faith system to obtain super divine battle power in one go..