Chapter 1735 - Chapter 1735: Battle Of Pets (2)

Chapter 1735: Battle of Pets (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

When the Green Dragon super divine descended, the environment of the entire Duel Star instantly became a new world. The entire star turned green, as if it had become the home ground of the Green Dragon super divine.

Although it wasn’t as high-profile as the Vermillion Bird super divine, it still used the power of creation with all its might. With the power of a world, it fused into the huge claw and tore at Shi Yu.

In Shi Yu’s eyes, it was as if a world filled with starlight was smashing down. That was not an ordinary world. This world could accommodate thousands of stars, and its weight was no longer something ordinary Star Arms could compare to.

In fact, although the Green Dragon super divine’s words sounded like he was comforting himself that Shi Yu couldn’t use such a third strike, the experts watching the battle were more willing to admit this in their hearts.

Because those two terrifying attacks were definitely something that could only be launched by super divine experts who had transcended above seven times. They felt that such an attack was acceptable even if a super divine level Beast Tamer used it with his pet.

However, with Shi Yu at the divine level… Even if Shi Yu broke through the limit of the divine level three times, it was too unbelievable. If there was no huge price, it would really make them doubt life.

Could he still hit the third stick?

Everyone stared at the Duel Star and wanted to know because this might be related to the final outcome of the battle between Shi Yu and the Four Saints super divine.

Initially, no one thought highly of Shi Yu at all. They thought that Shi Yu, who rashly challenged the Four Saints super divine, would definitely lose. However, from the moment Shi Yu shapeshifted, the situation had completely reversed. Now, the final outcome depended on how long Shi Yu could last in that state.

“As you wish,” Shi Yu said in the face of the Green Dragon super divine attack.

His figure disappeared from the Void Throne almost instantly. It was the same for the red rod that Bu Lu had turned into. When they appeared, they directly flashed in front of the Green Dragon super divine attack.

“Smash it!!!” Bu Lu shouted. The effect was that the huge staff emitted a strong sound of breaking through the air. Under the gaze of the Green Dragon’s super divine dragon eyes, Shi Yu held the Red Golden-Hooped and swung it at its dragon claws.

In the next moment, with a boom, the Green Dragon World Creation shattered. A world was shattered by this rod, and the entire Duel Star recovered its original appearance as if it had shattered. A peak-level dragon claw that had fused with many skills of the Green Dragon super divine also

instantly festered and turned into fragments of starlight. Then, this rod ruthlessly smashed onto the Green Dragon super divine!

In an instant, the Green Dragon super divine, whose physical strength was much stronger than the Vermillion Bird super divine and whose vitality was much larger than the Vermillion Bird super divine, directly didn’t escape the outcome of being smashed by a club under everyone’s gaze.

“Roar! Accompanied by a wail, its body exploded. Blood mist filled the sky, and a green halo shone in all directions, making countless power of faith have nowhere to lean.

“That’s it.” Shi Yu swung his staff and steadily put away his weapon. He looked down at the blood mist that filled the sky.

The entire place was silent.

“Did you treat my normal attacks as some very powerful move?” Shi Yu stood in the air and looked at the constantly reviving Green Dragon as he spoke calmly.

Combining with his previous life’s body was really not an overload mystic technique. Of course, the consumption was huge, but it was completely not to the extent of withering after just two strikes.

“Do you need me to smash it again?” Shi Yu was extremely considerate.

“…Forget it, I’ll let my pet play with you next.” However, Shi Yu thought about it and shook his head.

“If I smash all of you, they won’t be able to accumulate battle experience. That bird just now clearly isn’t lively anymore after smashing it twice.”

“Roar!!!” As Shi Yu kept mocking, the revived Green Dragon was shocked, furious, and panicked. What awaited it was another roar.

“Roar!!” In the spatial ripples, Buggy, who was covered in green scales, had golden dragon horns, and had white dragon feathers that stretched like a sea of clouds, directly took over the battle. It held the star-like Dragon Ball and smashed it at the Green Dragon super divine!!

“Little brat! As the Green Dragon super divine roared, it realized that the

Green Dragon in front of it was ridiculously strong. Apart from the terrifying Green Dragon body, there was also a huge, noble, and supreme phantom that looked like a real Green Dragon superimposed on this Green Dragon.

In an instant, the Green Dragon super divine actually felt that it couldn’t mobilize a trace of the power of faith at this moment.

The main reason wasn’t that the faith authority of the Green Dragon super divine had been plundered, but that its evolution speed in the direction of the Green Dragon was inferior to Buggy to begin with. At this moment, Shi Yu activated the Green Dragon Domain through the source power. Under the enhancement of the two power systems of the previous era, Buggy was the most orthodox Green Dragon in this world.

The pupils of the Green Dragon super divine constricted. Although it was shocked, it could only be forced to deal with the enemy. In an instant, the wind and clouds changed, and space wailed. The two huge Green Dragons collided. Everyone was shocked to discover that not only could the Vermillion Bird super divine not defeat Chi Tong, but even the Green Dragon super divine didn’t have any advantage over Shi Yu’s Green Dragon pet.

Boom!!!

The dragon claw and the dragon ball collided. The dazzling light directly swallowed the two Green Dragons. Countless constellations flickered in the light and collided. Then, they turned into fireworks and disappeared!! “Roar! The Green Dragon super divine’s angry roar came from the light. “The faith authority of the Green Dragon super divine… was also deprived!!!”

Countless experts discovered in shock and sensed the anger and panic of the Green Dragon super divine. They clearly couldn’t understand Shi Yu’s strange methods.

After all, the Four Saints were super divine life forms that had reached the extreme in the faith system..