Chapter 1736 - Chapter 1736: Battle Of Pets (3)

Chapter 1736: Battle of Pets (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Did they lose their faith authority so easily?

“Looks like you, who has lost your faith, are only a stronger dragon. I wonder if you will be devoured by your faith in the end?”

At this moment, Shi Yu had already left the battlefield again. He stared at Buggy, who was enhanced by the source power Green Dragon Domain, fighting the weakened Green Dragon super divine.

This action was undoubtedly very ridiculous. Although this was most likely the case in the Beast Taming Duel, Shi Yu clearly had the strength to instantly change the situation, but…

“Does this guy really use the Four Saints super divine as a sparring partner and as an EXP package??”

At this moment, the experts watching the battle were numb.

How could there be such a person? He didn’t have any respect for his opponent, but his strength was ridiculously terrifying, enough to treat battle as a game.

“Green Dragon…”

At that moment, the most uncomfortable were still the White Tiger super divine and the Black Tortoise super divine. Although they weren’t the ones fighting, they were more shocked than anyone when they saw the Green Dragon super divine being suppressed.

If the Green Dragon also lost, wouldn’t it be their turn?

“Green Dragon, you can’t lose!”

To be honest, they no longer wanted to fight Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s methods were really too strange. Until now, they still couldn’t understand.

“Roar!!!” At that moment, the Green Dragon super divine was still extremely angry. For faith gods, there was nothing more infuriating than plundering their faith.

At this moment, the Green Dragon super divine understood. Shi Yu had already defeated them from the start and was the most prepared.

It had never expected that it would one day be like a beast in the colosseum for others to play with.

But no matter what, at least it wanted to kill the Green Dragon in front of it.

It was even more unforgivable for a thief who stole its power of faith.

“Without the power of faith, you’re just an ant, as weak as a worm.” Although it didn’t have the right to believe, the Green Dragon super divine was still powerful. It fought back and forth with Buggy, who had been strengthened by the fusion Shi Yu and had complete faith authority.

Roar!!!

Under the roar, many parts of Buggy’s body shattered. The blood that Buggy fell on burned in the fire of faith, igniting the starry sky.

Of course, Buggy could also smash the opponent’s body. A bead could make the Green Dragon super divine explode once, and neither side would give in.

“Do you look down on bugs?”

On the Duel Star, Buggy, who was fighting the Green Dragon super divine, had always been very calm. It definitely had to kill the Green Dragon super divine, but most importantly, it wanted to find its way forward under the pressure of the Green Dragon super divine.

As it fought, combined with its experience, Buggy finally understood what it should do.

In the eyes of the Green Dragon, Buggy, an ethereal blue butterfly slowly appeared. This ethereal blue butterfly slowly degenerated into a white cocoon. In the end, there was only a Green Silkworm left as the core of the Green Dragon.

“Buggy, so what?”

Until now, Buggy’s heart had never changed. Even if it evolved into the strongest Green Dragon, it still didn’t forget that it was only a Green Silkworm at the start. That was its original appearance.

Everyone knew that the Green Dragon was strong, but after Buggy experienced so many evolutions, its understanding went from thinking that dragons were the strongest to thinking that even if it was just a worm, it could still climb to the highest peak.

If the Queen of the Worms could reach the same realm as the Green Dragon, why couldn’t it, the Green Silkworm?

Courage? Shi Yu gave it to him.

The evolution body of the Green Dragon that it had imagined was just a shell that absorbed the power of the outside world on its evolution path.

In the end, the power of these shells would integrate into its heart and become its nutrients.

With such faith and 100% trust in Shi Yu, Buggy’s Green Silkworm main body directly absorbed the Green Dragon shell and collided with the Green Dragon super divine in the form of an extremely small Green Silkworm that was less than 1% the size of a super divine scale.

Boom!!!

The incomparably small Green Silkworm was wrapped in white light like worm silk and collided with the Green Dragon super divine. It wasn’t at a disadvantage at all. Instead, the Green Dragon super divine was in pain as one of its claws exploded.

“What a joke!!!” Seeing the life in front of him humiliate him like this, the Green Dragon super divine was about to lose its mind.

“Buggy, crush it,” Shi Yu said.

Another epoch god.

This was the Super Divine Heart. No matter what race it was, it was still confident of defeating all enemies.

Shi Yu and the others felt that there was nothing wrong with Buggy, but outsiders didn’t think so. At this moment, when they saw Buggy abandon the Green Dragon Body and directly transform into a green worm at the bottom of the transcendent world, their stomachs hurt.

This pair of Beast Tamers and pets really knew how to stir up everyone’s nerves. There were simply no restrictions.

“l miss it so much.” At this moment, seeing Buggy show its might and suppress the strongest Green Dragon with the posture of a Green Silkworm, in Dong Huangs direction, be it Senior Lu or Senior Panda, their gazes flickered as they recalled the scene of Buggy driving the Ice Dragon Phantom to kill everyone in the vocation examination.

In the blink of an eye, the Butterfly of Imagination and the Dragon of

Imagination returned to their Green Silkworm state. Perhaps this was why Buggy named itself the Worm of Imagination.

After Buggy broke through to the epoch god level, although it abandoned the Green Dragon shell, 100% of the Green Dragon’s power fused into its body. Not only did it not weaken, but it was even stronger. This was because the skills it mastered had all reached transcendence.. This was also the power of the transcendent divine-level Dragon of Imagination!