Chapter 1737 - Chapter 1737: Battle Of Pets (4)

Chapter 1737: Battle of Pets (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Hundreds of rivers flowed into the sea, and then, ten thousand bodies became one.

Under the enhancement of the power of the Creation God, it was now the Worm of Creation, with the ability to split the sky and earth.

“Buggy silk.” Shi Yu gave Buggy the final command. A white worm silk that had fused with the spatial strengthening of Shi Yu and fused with the power of creation was waved out by Buggy like a piece of art.

It first drew a beautiful arc in the sky, then danced straight across the Green Dragon super divine body!

This attack shocked the Green Dragon super divine. This was because Buggy had recovered its Green Silkworm form and was even stronger than when it was in the Green Dragon form. It was extremely ridiculous.

“You guys…” Until now, the Green Dragon super divine still couldn’t understand why Shi Yu would grow so quickly and why it would lose so badly. It only had regret now, regret that it didn’t immediately kill Shi Yu personally after Shi Yu took away the ruins.

At that time, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t have been so troublesome. However, there was no medicine for regret in the world. No matter who it was, they couldn’t imagine that a divine-level could grow to the point where he could crush a Level 6 transcendent in just a few years.

The Green Dragon’s super divine eyes were filled with dead silence and unwillingness. Its body was sliced into pieces by the worm silk in the blood mist without any traces. Even its soul was only left with a dazzling source of transcendence floating in the void, indicating that the Green Dragon super divine had completely fallen like the Vermillion Bird super divine!

“Next!” Shi Yu said calmly. He didn’t even look at the source of transcendence

and looked outside Duel Star.

“One by one, perhaps it’s too troublesome. Why don’t the two of you attack together?”

“Let my other pets practice too…”

The White Tiger and Black Tortoise super divines were completely stunned in the starry sky.

The Green Dragon Family was the same as the previous Vermillion Bird Family. They looked like they had lost their parents.

The Green Dragon Family genius who had once fought on the same stage as Shi Yu in the God Sealing Battle saw his super divine ancestor die in the hands of his former opponent. His eyes dimmed and he found it unbelievable.

At this moment, the starry sky boiled. After the Vermillion Bird super divine, the Green Dragon super divine also died in Shi Yu’s hands…

No! The pet that died in Shi Yu’s hands, a Green Silkworm, had become Shi Yu’s pet training EXP package! !

The God Sealing Battle became an internal team competition.

A transcendent duel became a pet training battle.

Since ancient times, perhaps only this monster in front of him could do it.

“Why did such a guy appear when I woke up this time?” The eyelids of the awakened experts who originally wanted to go all out twitched when they saw such a fierce Shi Yu. They had the urge to go back and sleep for another 100,000 years.

“Its strength is already completely not inferior to an existence that has transcended the high-level and below seven times. It’s definitely not his match when it encounters him. He has already ascended to the ranks of the experts in the universe.”

Many super divine experts gave Shi Yu a high evaluation. Apart from the cosmic level, the peak of the super divine level was the top expert now. With battle power that exceeded Level 7, it was an incomparably powerful existence,

“Next!!!” At this moment, Blue Planet’s side was also extremely excited.

Even countless experts from the Blue Planet in the Dong Huang Realm, the Floating Realm, the Heavenly Demon Realm, and the Dong Xuan Realm followed Shi Yu’s rhythm and couldn’t help but shout.

“The White Tiger super divine and the Black Tortoise super divine are in trouble! ”

Just as everyone was waiting to see how White Tiger and Black Tortoise planned to deal with Shi Yu, a shocking scene happened.

Two of the Four Saints super divine beings whose reputation resounded through countless eras turned around and ran.

It was as if they had no intention of carrying out a transcendent battle at all.

Seeing their ancestor escape in such a panic, countless members of the White Tiger family and the Black Tortoise family couldn’t believe it. They never expected that before the battle even started, their ancestor would escape without fighting, as if he was shocked.

At this moment, the White Tiger and Black Tortoise only had one thought in their hearts. They definitely couldn’t fight this monster.

They still had some idea in their hearts. They knew that the Vermillion Bird and the Green Dragon super divine had lost so badly, so it was definitely impossible for them to be Shi Yu’s match.

At this moment, even if they gave up their families and everything, they definitely didn’t want to die just like that.

Even if they violated the rules of the transcendent duel and couldn’t survive in the Cosmic Sea on World King Planet, even if they escaped to the hostile Contaminated Land, the Behemoth Empire, the Worm Nest… They definitely didn’t want to die here.

Therefore, the moment the Green Dragon super divine died, they chose to escape. At this moment, they were a little regretful. Why did they accept this transcendent duel? They should have just let the Vermillion Bird super divine take it.

“No way, it escaped???” On the Blue Planet battleship, the gem cat, owl, and the others had incredulous expressions. They didn’t expect to actually see the scene of the White Tiger super divine and the Black Tortoise super divine fleeing.

Their escape speed was extremely fast, and they left this star field in the blink of an eye. Some people whose strength was lower than the super divine level couldn’t even react.

“What the hell?” At this moment, Shi Yu was also rather shocked. He didn’t expect the other party to actually escape in the transcendent battle. However, it wasn’t a big problem. He was even a little surprised. This way, he could openly target the White Tiger family and the Black Tortoise family…

As for them, they couldn’t escape!

“You want to run?” Shi Yu flew out of Duel Star under the escort of Chi Tong and Buggy to pursue his opponent.

However, at this moment, the strongest expert here, the Sun God General, looked indifferently in the direction where the White Tiger super divine and the Black Tortoise super divine escaped.

“A transcendent duel is definitely determined by life and death. Once you accept it, it can’t be changed. According to the rules, those who escape will die.’

It raised its arm that was filled with the flames of the sun and swept it across the air. In an instant, trillions of stars lit up in the Cosmic Sea. Raging flames lit up the pitch-black Cosmic Sea. Even on Blue Planet at the edge of the Cosmic Sea, countless ordinary people raised their heads and looked at the changes in the starry sky.

At this moment, the experts who rushed over from the Behemoth Empire, the Worm Mother Nest, and the overlord territories to the Cosmic Sea to participate in the origin competition saw the pitch-black Cosmic Sea suddenly light up. It was especially spectacular.

In the Contaminated Land, the Dark King Army, who was fighting the Environmental Protection Army, was shocked when they saw the lit Cosmic Sea.

“The Sun God General will awaken.’

“What’s wrong with that guy?” Bing Ling recalled the direction of the Cosmic Sea. Apart from Lord World King, only the Sun God General could do such a phenomenon.

Under the endless light, the White Tiger super divine and the Black Tortoise super divine had nowhere to escape. On the other side of the starry sky, the fleeing White Tiger super divine and the Black Tortoise super divine looked at the flames that swallowed them in shock and let out desperate cries.

In an instant, life was devoured by the power of the star in the Cosmic Sea and instantly insta-killed. It didn’t have the slightest resistance. Even the source of transcendence that erupted was burned by the flames and turned into nothingness.

“The violator is dead.” Outside the Duel Star, the Sun God General said emotionlessly, shocking the experts here. This was the strength of a peak super divine?

Shi Yu, who walked out, also opened his mouth wide. Wait, wait???

That was his opponent!!

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Shorty, the Turtle, and the others looked outside and listened to the voices of the outside world. It was like a bolt from the blue, and their expressions froze.

“But…” Shi Yu was just about to say something and ask if the source of transcendence had exploded and who it belonged to. The Sun God General looked at Shi Yu.

“Dong Huang Realm’s realm lord, Shi Yu, the World King wants to see you.

She’s been waiting for a long time..”