Chapter 1734 - Chapter 1734: Battle Of Pets (1)

Chapter 1734: Battle of Pets (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

How arrogant.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was pointing at the “three holy super divines” and letting them come up to receive their deaths, was really too arrogant.

However, the audience was already trembling and speechless.

The members of the Four Holy Families who were paying attention to this battle had pale faces. They couldn’t even say a word for the family ancestor.

Shi Yu t s strength had already infinitely risen to a level higher than the Four Saints super divines. Ants like them had no right to comment.

“He’s really dead…” Until now, there were still people who felt like they were in a dream.

The Vermillion Bird super divine died just like that(

The Four Saints and the super divine were all at the middle stage of transcendent. There wouldn’t be an excessive difference in strength in essence.

Although the Green Dragon’s super divine growth level was the highest, that was because it had lived the longest among the Four Saints. In terms of true strength, it was definitely impossible for it to kill the Vermillion Bird super divine so easily.

However, Shi Yu did it. The battle process was like crushing a prey and throwing it to the pet to enjoy.

At this moment, the experts could sense Chi Tongs gradually stronger aura. After personally hunting the Vermillion Bird super divine, Chi Tongs eyes returned to indifference. It held the source of transcendence for Shi Yu and waited for the order.

“Another invincible epoch god.”

“Moreover… it even dropped the source of transcendence!”

Many experts took a deep breath, wanting to see how the three saint super divines faced this scene.

At that moment, the Green Dragon, White Tiger, and Black Tortoise super divines panicked.

Seeing that the Vermillion Bird super divine was beaten to death twice by the two clubs and couldn’t even defeat Shi Yu’s pet, their faith was plundered and they became nutrients for others. They shouted crazily in their hearts.

Something was wrong, something was wrong! !

Didn’t the Exposing King say that Shi Yu t s strongest trump card was his miraculous level in the era of the 13th heavenly layer?

What was going on now!

They looked at the ghost hair that shot into the sky and could sense that Shi Yu’s current strength was extremely rich. The pressure was comparable to transcendent high-level.

“Eh, heh.” Exposing King Tu Tu was also hiding in the dark. After the shock, he was completely convinced by his sister. She was right to run out to find the source of transcendence. Sister, she was right!

Otherwise, how could he have encountered a monster like Shi Yu and grown up with him?

At this moment, in the eyes of the Exposing King, Shi Yu was completely destined to reach the peak of the super divine level. From ancient times until now, apart from the six cosmic levels, his talent potential was seventh!

It really had the bearing of a cosmic emperor.

“This is the auspicious you’re talking about?” At the moment, although the

Green Dragon and White Tiger super divine had cold and silent expressions, their hearts weren’t calm. They were still questioning the Black Tortoise super divine.

As for the Black Tortoise super divine, it couldn’t understand no matter what. It had divined three times, and the outcome of the transcendent duel was clearly auspicious!

However, what it didn’t know was that its divination results had already been disturbed by the gem cat. Shi Yu’s fate involved the last era, and not everyone could spy on him at will.

“The duel continues.” The Sun God was the only one who was relatively calm among these people. It looked at the Green Dragon super divine and signaled for the transcendent duel to continue.

Shi Yu had issued a transcendent duel application to the Four Saints super divine, and the Four Saints super divine had also agreed. According to the order of the response, it was the battle between the Green Dragon super divine and Shi Yu.

“Green Dragon, quickly, quickly kill it.”

“Don’t give it a chance to recover. In its state, it consumes a lot of energy. The two strikes just now have already exhausted it severely.”

“You can’t use it a third time in the short term!” the Black Tortoise super divine said.

“Are you serious?!”

The Green Dragon super divine’s current heart was very ferocious. It had been a long time since it had felt the palpitations of facing a strong enemy when it was weak.

What the Green Dragon super divine never expected was that the guy who made it feel this way again was actually just a divine-level human.

“Roar! !!! ” The Green Dragon super divine swung its green body that crossed the starry sky and aimed its five claws at the Duel Star. Its golden-red eyes were filled with killing intent, and the dragon roar contained extreme anger, as if it wanted to cover its other emotions with anger.

“You’re unforgivable! ! ! ”

Under the gaze of the White Tiger super divine and the Black Tortoise super divine, it flew towards Duel Star.

“l guessed it.” The Black Tortoise super divine saw that the Green Dragon super divine had finally passed and thought to itself. However, it felt that its guess made sense. It couldn’t delay!!

The Vermillion Bird super divine was really too unlucky to have encountered such a strange eruption mystic technique. Fortunately, it was the last response. It hoped that the next Green Dragon would directly defeat Shi Yu!

Otherwise… the White Tiger and it would have to fight. The Black Tortoise super divine’s gaze was nervous. If it couldn’t even defeat the Vermillion Bird and the Green Dragon, would they be a match?

Then, the Green Dragon super divine descended on the Duel Star, making everyone fall silent again.

If it were in the past, no one would have thought highly of Shi Yu, but now, they felt that the battle was developing in an abnormally strange direction.

“Are you the one who came to die?” Shi Yu said. “l remember that you were the one who contacted the Assassin Planet to assassinate me, right?”

“Of course, the assasination plan was planned by your Four Holy Family together.”

Shi Yu was still sitting on the Void Throne. The rod was placed beside him. Chi Tong had already returned and was guarding the side.

“Little brat, you’re still slandering me! The Green Dragon descended and attacked Shi Yu. “Do you know what you’ve done?”

“Can you still continue using such an attack by relying on opportunistic methods?”

“You… are simply guilty. You actually caused such a big killing for your own selfish desires..