Chapter 1733 - Chapter 1733: Smashing To Death (4)

Chapter 1733: Smashing to Death (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

When enemies met, their eyes were especially red. The Vermillion Bird super divine glared at the thief who had plundered its power of faith, but what awaited it was Chi Tong, whose killing intent had accumulated to the extreme.

After Shi Yu was assassinated, the existence of the Four Saints super divine had long infuriated Chi Tong infinitely.

This time, there was finally a chance to fight. Chi Tong had fulfilled its wish.

Boom!!!

No one expected that the final battle would evolve into a battle between Chi Tong and the Vermillion Bird super divine. Shi Yu didn’t even send all his pets in the face of the incomparably powerful Four Saints super divine.

Apart from arming his pets, he even sent only one pet of the same faith as the opponent of the Vermillion Bird super divine.

He… really planned to use the Four Saints super divines as his stepping stones and his pets’ stepping stones to personally kill the corresponding Four Saints super divines and rewrite the Four Saints systems of the World King Planet! !

It was an extremely crazy move. “You will definitely die!!!”

“l won’t lose.’

However, what shocked everyone the most was that Chi Tong, who wasn’t even a epoch god, also displayed a strong pressure when facing the Vermillion Bird super divine. A will that exceeded everything was tempering Chi Tongs heart.

Chi Tong didn’t allow her to lose. The Beast Tamer had even paved the way for her. If she still lost in the faith competition, she would be ashamed of her identity as the sword’s guardian.

At the moment, Shi Yu was protecting her path of growth.

Then, she also had to use her determination to prove to Shi Yu that she would respond to this guardian.

At this moment, Chi Tongs heart gradually strengthened. Although Shi Yu didn’t interfere in the battle and was preserving his strength, he didn’t forget to strengthen Chi Tong through telepathy!

With his current strength, it was enough to strengthen Chi Tong to the invincible realm.

For the growth of her pet, the Beast Tamer protected her in battle. In order to obtain stronger power to protect the Beast Tamer, the pet also responded.

Under the illumination of the two parties, everyone only saw this scene. The red-haired Sword Maiden holding the Vermillion Bird Sword shone with the huge Vermillion Bird Divine Sword Feather in the sky. Under the continuous confrontation of the two parties, accompanied by a violent cry, as the red-haired Sword Maiden’s will sublimated, an extremely dazzling sword light that illuminated the starry sky and destroyed countless rivers of faith broke through the resistance of the Vermillion Bird super divine and landed on its body.

“Jiu…” The Vermillion Bird super divine’s miserable cry resounded through the starry sky. This time, it lost to Chi Tongs main body. Its faith authority was completely plundered, and it directly lost the power to be reborn. Under its confused, frightened, and lost expression, the body of this Four Saints super divine that had dominated for countless years was divided into two, and its soul was completely obliterated.

Just like that, the battle that almost no one thought highly of ended with the Vermillion Bird super divine being broken in two. In the silent universe, countless people panted as they watched the Vermillion Bird super divine figure slowly turn into light and completely disappear from this world.

If it weren’t for the power of faith, it wouldn’t have been able to live for so

At this moment, without the power of faith, its traces of existence would completely disappear.

The Green Dragon, White Tiger, and Black Tortoise looked at their old friend in shock. They died tragically under Chi Tongs sword just like that, and their hearts turned extremely cold.

What they were most unwilling and hoped for had still happened.

“Ancestor…”

On World King Planet, the faces of the members of the Vermillion Bird Family were almost pale to the extreme. They couldn’t believe that the supreme god spirit they had believed in for countless years had died tragically in the hands of Shi Yu, who was only a newbie who had become a god a few years ago.

“He…”

“Shi Yu… Shi Yu, he…” Countless people looked at Shi Yu, who was sitting on the throne and watching his pet kill the Four Saints super divines. Their hearts… were filled with extreme panic.

Those divine-level experts who had woken up from their sleep were shocked to the extreme. It was difficult to understand such an existence.

What kind of monster could kill a fifth-stage super divine like a dog with a divine-level body and even treat it as a sparring partner for pets?

Not to mention outsiders, even the Space Emperor and the others gasped. Their originally unstable hearts completely stabilized.

As expected, Shi Yu was a monster.

At the side, Emperor Shi couldn’t help but smile. He had indeed chosen the right person.

“Alright.” At this moment, as Chi Tong took the source of transcendence dropped by the Vermillion Bird super divine from the sky, Shi Yu got up from the throne and looked at the remaining three holy super divines with shocked expressions.

“Who’s next?”

“Come up and receive your death. Don’t make me wait too long..”