Chapter 1731 - Chapter 1731: Smashing To Death (2)

Chapter 1731: Smashing to Death (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

It could be said that as the strongest Vermillion Bird evolver now, it could plunder the power of faith of the Vermillion Bird in the entire universe at will even if it was on someone else’s body. This was the terrifying thing about the Four Saints super divine. It was almost equivalent to unlimited power.

Countless super divines looked at the dazzling starry sky and even felt the pressure. However, Shi Yu seemed to not take this situation seriously at all. At this moment, even the Sun God General focused all his gaze on Shi Yu.

“So arrogant. I thought you were the Vermillion Bird itself.” “How much of this power of faith is born because of you?”

“You’re just a thief who stole the power of faith of the last era.”

“You think you can ignore everything just because you obtained the power of the strongest Vermillion Bird. You’re really stupid.”

Under the gaze of the entire World King Planet, Shi Yu said calmly, “Letting you mobilize this power of faith is really sullying them.”

“What did you say!!!” The Vermillion Bird super divine didn’t expect Shi Yu to still be stubborn at this moment.

“How dare you! The Green Dragon super divine and the other holy beasts also had furious gazes.

“As expected, he’s a lunatic.” Countless people were stunned. At this moment, Shi Yu’s battle power gradually activated. He, who had once trained under the will of a cosmic overlord, was extremely relaxed in the face of the deterrence of the Vermillion Bird super divine.

Boom.

He opened the Beast Taming Space incomparably naturally. One, two, three, four layers… A total of 13 layers clearly fell into everyone’s eyes, shocking them.

“It’s really the 13th heavenly layer. That Exposing King… is telling the truth! ! ”

As soon as the 13th heavenly layer appeared, Shi Yu’s aura was completely not inferior to that of a super divine expert who had reached transcendent 3. It shocked countless divine and super divine experts. Those ancient geniuses who had woken up from their sleep looked at Shi Yu’s 13th heavenly layer phenomenon in shock and took a deep breath.

“Is this your trump card???”

However, at this moment, when the Vermillion Bird super divine saw Shi Yu e s “strongest trump card”, it only wanted to laugh. Therefore, these geniuses were all conceited.

“Who told you that this is my trump card?” Shi Yu said. “As a Beast Tamer, isn’t opening the Beast Taming Space basic before summoning a pet?”

“The little bird in the cage hasn’t fought in many years.”

“Since you’re still immersed in your beautiful dream, then…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but laugh. His laughter was especially ear-piercing in the eyes of the Vermillion Bird super divine.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu was indeed summoning his pet!!

However, the pet he summoned was beyond everyone’s expectations! !

It wasn’t the most likely Eleven, Ling, and Susu exposed by the Exposing King, but another one. No one had any information at all.

On Duel Star, countless spatial cracks appeared. In the torn cosmic hole, five fingers that were enough to shatter stars and were covered in hair slowly stretched out as if they wanted to grab something.

“Roar!!!” Accompanied by its shocking roar, the entire starry sky trembled. Countless star life forms revealed incredulous expressions.

Some experts were first stunned. Then, their expressions were extremely incredulous.

Under their gaze, a monster that wasn’t small compared to the Duel Star and was countless times larger than the current super divine Vermillion Bird directly descended.

“Cosmic behemoth!! Shi Yu actually contracted a cosmic behemoth! ! ” “This aura… Epoch god level, there’s definitely no mistake.”

“Moreover, it’s not an ordinary epoch god. It’s the highest level among the epoch gods, an existence comparable to transcendent 3.”

Seeing this behemoth appear, countless Beast Tamers were shocked. The difficulty of contracting a cosmic behemoth could be said to be the highest among all pets. Where exactly was Shi Yu? When…

The pet Shi Yu sent was actually not a pet that anyone was familiar with. It completely stunned everyone.

Even the Green Dragon super divine and the others were stunned. However, after being stunned, they were confused. Could it be that Shi Yu’s trump card was this cosmic behemoth?

It had to be said that Shi Yu summoning an invincible cosmic behemoth shocked many people. However, from the perspective of the Four Saints super divine, even if Shi Yu and this cosmic behemoth worked together, it was definitely impossible to defeat the Vermillion Bird super divine…

However, no one expected that this was only the beginning.

Under everyone’s gaze, this invincible behemoth directly used its eyes that were comparable to stars to stare at the Vermillion Bird super divine that had focused on it. Then, it was willing to give up the glory of the Cosmic Behemoth Race and its huge body. Under the gaze of countless people, it began to slowly shrink and turn into a stick in the light!

Yes, it was a stick.

Everyone was extremely incredulous. When they saw the stick fall into Shi Yu’s hand, they were even more incredulous. When they saw Shi Yu’s change, terrifying white flames began to spread from his body. His aura, fluctuations, and might were rising at an unbelievable speed.

At this moment, even the Sun God General couldn’t help but look sideways.

Boom! !!!

Under the eruption, Shi Yu’s muscles increased exponentially, and his hair stretched infinitely. It was like a black waterfall in reverse, shooting into the sky and filled with a sense of power. On his body, the inner layer was wrapped in a black aura, and the outside was wrapped in white flames. One was black, and the other was white. In addition, the huge red staff in his hand that had turned from a cosmic behemoth directly made Shi Yu’s image unfamiliar.

“Then… let me break your dream.” Shi Yu’s change could be said to have exceeded everyone’s expectations again. At this moment, several deeply hidden figures couldn’t help but appear..