Chapter 1739 - Chapter 1739: World King’S Mission (2)

Chapter 1739: World King’s Mission (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios| Editor: Atlas Studios

Zizizizizi…

After Shi Yu spoke, something suddenly changed in front of him.

It was as if countless blue lightning bolts were blinking, or as if a gust was squeezing and howling, gradually forming a pair of blue eyes with white traces above Shi Yu.

“Shi Yu.’

After the incarnation that was suspected to be the World Kings eye appeared, a voice also came from all directions. It was a neutral voice. Shi Yu sensed a power that hit his heart from it.

“Lord World King,” Shi Yu hurriedly greeted.

“You’ve already learned about her from Cypos, right?”

Shi Yu was stunned.

“You mean… the sixth cosmic life form?”

“Yes.

“Lord cosmic overlord did tell me that the sixth cosmic life form had already escaped from prison…”

“As for the rest, I only said that she was sealed by you and the cosmic overlord, Lord World King,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu was a little panicked. Sigh, he was the realm lord of the World King

Planet. Although the World King Planet only restricted him from joining the Contaminated Land, the Behemoth Empire, and the Worm Mother Nest, Shi Yu still felt a little guilty.

It was as if something had been discovered.

However, the World King looking for him was related to the sixth cosmic life form?

“This is enough,” the World King said. “Shi Yu, 1 have a quest for you to complete. ”

“Can 1?”

“Quest?” Shi Yu was confused. There were definitely experts stronger than him among the many experts under the World King. Why did they have to look for him…

“What kind of quests?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s related to ‘archeology’, right?” the World King said. Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. “l see. Lord World King, you’ve found the right person.”

“l can’t guarantee the other quests, but this matter…”

“l believe in your ability.”

“Moreover, you’re the only person who meets the conditions to carry out this mission,” World King said.

“Only you have the two conditions of being a ‘transmigrator’ from the last era and contracting the ‘Time Sprite’.”

As the World King finished speaking, Shi Yu was relatively calm. So that was the case. As expected, everything about him had been seen through by the World King.

Perhaps the cosmic overlord had also seen through it, but it wasn’t interested in caring about this.

Shi Yu guessed that although the mission the World King wanted him to complete was archeology, it should be related to the sixth cosmic life form. As for the sixth cosmic life form, the World King and the cosmic overlord probably had different attitudes…

The cosmic overlord was looking forward to the sixth cosmic life form finding trouble with it, and the World King wanted to achieve some goals through “archeology”.

“Lord World King, please speak,” Shi Yu said.

“l want you to use the Time Sprite to transmigrate to the past and stop the sixth cosmic life form.’

Shi Yu:

“What?” Shi Yu was stunned again.

“Lord World King, can you explain in detail?”

The World King said, “Your Time Sprite’s level isn’t high. It’s very difficult to transmigrate to that distant past now, but with the support of my strength, you can give it a try.”

“But ‘memory’ also has weight. The more you know about her, the harder it will be for you to transmigrate. At that time, I’m helpless.”

“You can only rely on yourself to explore there and find the answer.”

“Besides, what I know isn’t that important. The key information that’s really hidden still needs you to explore it yourselves.”

“Of course, I’ll answer some unimportant information next.”

“One of the information I can tell you is that your Time Sprite is already the last Time Sprite in this universe. As for the power of the other Time Sprites, they have all been stripped away by the sixth cosmic life form.”

“If you don’t deal with her, sooner or later, you will also walk into her line of

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat.

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Qi also shuddered.

“Why is she doing this?” Shi Yu asked.

She was already at the cosmos level, so why was she still interested in the Time Sprite?

There was no need, right?

“You need to find out why yourself,” the World King said.

Initially, Shi Yu was only interested in the “archeological quests”, but now, he felt that he had to listen to the World King in detail.

After all, this concerned Qi. He had to ensure her safety.

Apart from this information, the “memory” mentioned by the World King also had weight, making Shi Yu’s heart skip a beat. Therefore, was this the reason why he had only transmigrated to this era with memories from the mortal stage?

Did he take the initiative to “abandon” the other memories?

Shi Yu looked at the World King. She didn’t seem to be surprised that he was a transmigrator. However, why was this condition an important condition for completing the quests… Shi Yu didn’t understand. “Lord World King, aren’t you surprised by my identity?”

Shi Yu asked.

He was a transmigrator from the last era.

Logically speaking, everything from the previous era couldn’t be preserved until now, right?

“It’s not strange. You’re not an ‘extraordinary the World King said. “Your previous life might have been an impressive expert from the last era, which is why you could achieve such a thing.”

“This might be one of the few ways to survive until the next era. However, I believe you’ve also paid an extremely heavy price.”

Shi Yu smiled bitterly. He really didn’t know what heavy price he had paid because of his memory loss.

Perhaps it was also a price to transmigrate a 20-year-old mortal memory and forget all other experiences.

Shi Yu was quite interested in the topic that he wasn’t “extraordinary”.

In other words, apart from him, were there other lives that had survived in a similar way to him from the last cosmic era?