Chapter 1730 - Chapter 1730: Smashing To Death With A Stick (1)

Chapter 1730: Smashing to Death with a Stick (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

On the desolate Duel Star, two figures descended from the starry sky. The Vermillion Bird’s super divine main body was burning with flames that were enough to destroy the world. Every feather that landed could easily destroy a planet.

When it landed, the temperature of the entire Duel Star rose to the extreme. This place seemed to have turned into a new star. Although duelists couldn’t destroy the Duel Star, they could still have different effects on the Duel Star according to their strength.

Seeing that the Vermillion Bird super divine had only descended, and its aura was about to dye the Duel Star into a fire star, countless spectators were terrified. After all, the size of this Duel Star was more than ten thousand times that of the Assassin Planet that Shi Yu and the others had destroyed previously.

Before Shi Yu landed, the ground of Duel Star had already turned into a sea of fire. In the sky, the Vermillion Bird’s super divine gaze had already calmed down. It wanted to see what confidence Shi Yu had to challenge the four of them.

“Although you slandered the Four Holy Family because you coveted the position of super divine, I admire your ignorant courage to actually dare to challenge us.”

“Next, I’ll let you see that the position of the Four Saints super divine isn’t something a child like you can easily touch. The power of a super divine isn’t something a brat like you can easily provoke.”

“We haven’t attacked for millions of years. The world has already forgotten the power of the Four Saints. Today, you will feel the power of the Four Saints for a long time and spy on that domain that can never be involved,” the

Vermillion Bird super divine said indifferently to Shi Yu.

“I’ll burn you to ashes.”

Boom!!!

Although that wasn’t the truth, under the gaze of the entire World King

Planet, the Four Saints super divine had no choice but to throw the dirty water back at Shi Yu and describe Shi Yu as an arrogant genius who didn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth.

At the same time, the Vermillion Bird super divine was also prepared to use its full strength to deal with Shi Yu. Regardless of whether Shi Yu t s true strength was weak or strong, only by killing Shi Yu with the strongest method could it firmly determine this matter and make all the people who had secretly touched the Black Four Sacred Families tremble in fear.

It wanted to display absolute battle power and let the world experience the power of the Four Saints again.

Under the condensation of the Vermillion Bird’s super divine will, countless people were extremely shocked. In an instant, the entire starry sky had already turned red. Even from the starry sky, red spots began to appear on the entire World King Planet.

Looking at the planet from the starry sky, the color of the planet basically depended on the internal environment, but at this moment, people shockingly discovered that the faith of the Vermillion Bird had already spread all over the World King Planet. At this moment, under the mobilization of the Vermillion Bird super divine and the mobilization of the strongest Vermillion Bird God, the phenomenon was incomparably terrifying. The power of faith that was even more terrifying than the power of faith in the Four Holy Ruins resonated!!

“What a terrifying power.”

At this moment, even some super divines who had reached transcendent 6 took a deep breath as they looked at the power of faith that resonated with the

Vermillion Bird super divine.

In the path of faith, the Four Saints had reached the extreme. With the remaining faith from the last era, the four of them could be considered experts who had cultivated their faith system to the highest realm. With the power of the Four Saints, they could basically fight one level higher.

“This isn’t something a divine-level can deal with at all.”

At this moment, in the Cosmic Sea, in hundreds of star areas and countless planets with Vermillion Bird Legendarys, the power of faith on the Vermillion Bird resonated.

On some low-level planets that couldn’t pay attention to the major events on the World King Planet at all, people were shocked to discover that the ancient Vermillion Bird item emitted light and suddenly revealed its divinity.

Under the resonance of such a terrifying power, the dark universe had already lit up. The Vermillion Bird super divine was indeed worthy of its constellation god’s evolution path. If it could increase its perspective, it could see countless light of faith. It directly outlined a Vermillion Bird divine shadow in the dark starry sky and looked down on the entire Duel Star.

The experts here could even feel the whispers of countless believers in the countless light and shadows.

Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!! The killing intent that represented the Vermillion Bird’s will had already filled the entire starry sky.

Sensing this power, even the expressions of the Space Emperor, the World Tree, and the others couldn’t help but change.

Shi Yu… was it really alright to fight four such world-shaking experts in a row? Although they had been instilled with confidence by Shi Yu time and time again, they were still worried about Shi Yu when they sensed the power of faith that resonated with the Vermillion Bird super divine.

“Do you feel it? This is a domain you can never covet.”

The goal of the Vermillion Bird super divine at this moment was no longer to purely kill Shi Yu, nor was it in a hurry to fight. Instead, it wanted to shock the starry sky to prevent another “genius” like Shi Yu, who overestimated himself, from trying to touch the power of the Four Saints.

At this moment, it had even thought of Shi Yu’s extremely serious expression. Not to mention that Shi Yu was at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level, even if he was at the 14th heavenly layer or 15th heavenly layer, it was useless…

It wanted to see Shi Yu cry and kneel down to beg for mercy in its absolute power. Only then could it be satisfied. Killing Shi Yu was simply a gift to Shi Yu!

However…

“Is that all?” Shi Yu stood in the fire world in the air and watched as the Vermillion Bird super divine resonated with the Vermillion Bird faith without any ripples.

What did it mean… that was all?

As Shi Yu spoke, the anger of the Vermillion Bird super divine burned to the extreme. The countless spectators who were paying attention to this battle were also very speechless. This… was the power to casually resonate with the power of faith of hundreds of starfields!!

Although it was restricted by the distance and couldn’t be mobilized immediately, as long as he was given enough time, the Vermillion Bird super divine undoubtedly had that ability!