Chapter 1744 - Chapter 1744: A Million Years At A Glance (3)

Chapter 1744: A Million Years at a Glance (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Did the World King let us set off on Blue Planet because it’s easier to transmigrate on our mother planet, or because of something?”

“Are you leaving?” At this moment, the Blue Planet’s Will also noticed Shi Yu and asked.

“Yes, I’m leaving.” Shi Yu looked up at the phantom in the sky. “Be careful.” This was all the Blue Planet’s Will could say.

“Of course, of course. You guys too,” Shi Yu said.

After the handover to the Blue Planet’s Will was completed, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the Space and Time Island.

Ever since the Mythical Revival, Shi Yu and the others had never come here.

Shi Yu’s plan to clock in to the five dynasties was only interrupted after three. He had never been to the totem era. Shi Yu didn’t expect that his fourth transmigration would be carried out under the commission of the cosmic world king.

“Qi, are you ready?”

“Everyone, are you ready?”

After Shi Yu asked, the pets nodded.

“Ridiculous.” There were also people like Bu Lu who were still shouting ridiculously.

It never expected that it would experience such excitement after following Shi Yu.

First, he killed the Four Saints super divine, then he saw the World King. Then, right on the heels of that, he had to transmigrate to the past to meet the sixth cosmic life form.

Exciting. It felt that although it was a little unlucky for the first half of its life, it had no regrets in this life.

“Bring me there. Nothing bad will happen, right?” Bu Lu whispered. He asked Shi Yu for the umpteenth time if he wanted to keep it.

“Do I look unlucky?” Shi Yu said. “We’ve already defeated the Four Saints super divine. It’s all thanks to you. Without you, I wouldn’t have been confident of coming into contact with the sixth cosmic life form.” “Fighting a cosmic level…” Bu Lu was looking forward to it.

“Calm down, it’s not a fight, it’s a PY.”

“What!s PY?”

“When the opponent is strong, if you can play the emotional card, there won’t be a fight.”

“Wu wu       Eleven and the others let Bu Lu learn more.

In this universe, there was not only fighting and killing, but also the ways of the world.

If he fought with a sixth cosmic life form in the past, wouldn’t the sixth cosmic life form in this space also obtain relevant memories??

On the contrary, if he became friends with the sixth cosmic life form of the past, wouldn’t he have another powerful backer after returning!

In short, since the World King had sent them to the past, the sixth cosmic life form in the past would definitely be easier to talk to!

Then, as Qi appeared, Shi Yu took out the Space-time Jade and said, “Qi, activate it.”

“Alrightm ” Qi took the Space-time Jade and said, “Then I’ll activate it.”

“Okay.” Shi Yu nodded.

As Qi injected the power of space and time, Qi suddenly said in surprise, “Eh, eh, eh, eh.’

A pink and white light enveloped the Space-time Jade and Qi. Qi said in surprise, “Shi Yu, Shi Yu.”

“What’s wrong?”

“The time coordinates recorded by the Space-time Jade are from the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era.”

“It was the time when the three foreign races invaded Blue Planet!!!” “Oh?” Shi Yu was also surprised. Then, a pink transmigration light wrapped around them.

Blue Planet, Mythical Era.

At this moment, Blue Planet was experiencing a disaster.

The descent of the Space Behemoth, the Space Worm, and the Abyss Evil God dyed the blue and beautiful planet in the remote galaxy with a thick layer of war smoke.

From the starry sky, the blue planet was long riddled with holes. A large portion of the ocean had already been dyed in dark colors, and most of the sea area had already been occupied by the Abyss Evil God.

The ground was also in a mess. An intense war was happening everywhere. Countless abnormal monsters fought with the various races on Blue Planet, accompanied by killing and devour.

There were even occasional roars of behemoths coming from the shattered space.

With a flash of light, Shi Yu and the others appeared on an island in the sea that had yet to be polluted.

The moment they arrived, Shi Yu and the others felt the thinness of natural power.

At the same time, it also sensed the incomplete power of laws in this world.

Their strength had more or less been affected and suppressed. If they wanted to use their full battle power, they would probably cause this planet to tremble. However… the impact was not very big. In any case, Blue Planet was already so broken. Where could it break if it destroyed a little more?

It couldn’t be worse than the end of the war, right?

“Wu wu.” After arriving, Qi covered its mouth on the spot, tears flickering in its eyes.

Finally, finally, it had returned to the Mythical Era.

After being touched, the pink-haired Ioli floating in the air looked around excitedly.

Although Qi could transmigrate back with the power of the cosmic realm king, after returning here, the first thing Qi wanted to do was not to investigate some sixth cosmic life form, but to use the battle power it had obtained from Shi Yu to crush the enemy who had bullied it previously!

With Qi’s current strength, forget about those divine-level soldiers who bullied it, it wasn’t even afraid of their boss and those super divine levels now.

Now, Qi was holding a spatial star divine weapon, an enhanced version of time sprite that was expert in Time Acceleration, Time Deceleration, Time Stop, Time Reversal, and other time divine skills!!

The ginseng emperor had once said that space was king, and time was supreme. Now that she had the dual strength of space and time, it wasn’t too much for her to fight a super divine above her level, right?

If the divine-level in the team didn’t have the ability to surpass super divine-level, they wouldn’t have to stay in the team.

“Is this the Mythical Era??” Shi Yu said. “The Blue Planet’s Will has probably already fought with the cosmic behemoth. The laws here have already shattered. Although it’s not that serious, it looks like it was caused by the Abyss Evil God and the Space Worm..”