Chapter 1747 - Chapter 1747: Descent Of The Mythical Era (2)

Chapter 1747: Descent of the Mythical Era (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“No… no…”

This petite and weak Wind Kirin that was filled with fear and uneasiness was still the same as in the dream. Without thinking, it flipped Shi Yu onto its back and escaped with Shi Yu.

Shi Yu couldn’t help but be speechless.

“It’s exactly the same as in the dream. It’s still so kind.” “But little guy, there’s no need to run this time.”

“Stop.”

Upon hearing the voice of the person on its back, the Little Wind Kirin was very confused. At this moment, Shi Yu gently patted its head.

“Look behind, the monster has been dealt with.’

“Roar! Accompanied by Shi Yu’s voice, a monster’s scream came from behind. Right on the heels of that, it fell to the ground violently.

The Little Wind Kirin subconsciously turned around and looked shocked. The creature that was chasing it just now…

The incomparably huge monster that looked to be made of different species with a purple-red ant-like body was already torn into pieces by the wind blades and lying on the ground.

Its sharp dragon claws that were like the limbs of a dragon had already separated from its body. Its ferocious demonic face was filled with disbelief, as if it had died with remaining grievances.

The Little Wind Kirin was very shocked. It never expected that the life it wanted to save in passing was actually a super expert.

After all, even the elders in the race weren’t a match for these monsters…

However, what shocked the Little Wind Kirin even more was still to come.

At some point in time, a Wind Kirin had also appeared above the Space Worm.

It seemed to be the monster that this Wind Kirin had defeated. Seeing this Wind Kirin, the Little Wind Kirin’s eyes were filled with tears as it felt a sense of closeness.

It thought… that it was already the last Wind Kirin.

But it didn’t expect…

“You, you guys.” It sounded like a little girl and was very confused. It knew every Wind Kirin. Although it felt a sense of closeness from the same source, be it Shi Yu or Ling, it was extremely unfamiliar.

“Don’t be nervous. You can treat us as… distant relatives?” Shi Yu said.

“Well, don’t be afraid. We’ll protect you.” Ling stepped on the light breeze and came to the Little Wind Kirin’s side, using the power of the breeze to comfort its heart.

Upon seeing this little Wind Kirin, Shi Yu and the others knew that the Wind

Kirin Race had already been exterminated. This was because this little Wind Kirin was the last Wind Kirin. All the luck of the Wind Kirin Race had already been focused on it.

Ling had long obtained its memories to the greatest extent through powers like Mythical Revival. It could be said that Ling was the reincarnation of this Wind Kirin and knew its matters very well.

Its talent was very good, and it was also the hope of the Wind Kirin Race. This was also the reason why the Wind Kirin Race, which was almost extinct, had to send it away.

Although the subsequent experience was even more bumpy, the Wind Kirin Race didn’t work for nothing. Its fossil was preserved in the modern era, allowing Shi Yu to successfully revive the power of the Wind Kirin Race.

“But, everyone…” The Little Wind Kirin choked. Seeing this, Shi Yu continued to touch its head and said, “Don’t be sad. Perhaps your relatives still have a chance to revive.’

“Re-really?” It couldn’t believe it.

“In theory,” Shi Yu said. “As long as we eliminate all the enemies as soon as possible and help the Blue Planet’s Will recover its restoration power, with the power of our mother planet, we can completely revive the lives that die on the planet.”

“Next, follow us first.’

“We’re very strong. Next, we’ll expel all the bad people. At that time, we’ll ask

Lord Blue Planet to revive your family.”

“Yes, yes.” The Little Wind Kirin was extremely excited. Then, it seemed to be very tired. It suddenly blinked and was a little sleepy.

“Sleep…” Shi Yu knew that it had just experienced the pain of its race being exterminated not long ago, so he didn’t want it to keep awake. At this moment, it was better to sleep.

“Ling. ”

Ling put it into the battleship space and said, “Before we go back, please ask the Blue Planet’s Will of this world to settle it down.”

“Alright.”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Bu Lu, you can find the location of the super divine level cosmic behemoth hiding in the cosmic hole, right?”

“If you want Blue Planet to recover, shouldn’t you deal with it first? Otherwise, it’ll have worked for nothing again.”

“No problem!!” Bu Lu said. “Its attainments in the Hole of the Universe aren’t as high as mine.”

“l can pull it out at any time.”

“However, in Blue Planet’s current situation, just pulling it out will cause relatively serious injuries to Blue Planet.”

“l suggest that we recover Blue Planet’s state first before pulling it out. This way, the damage to Blue Planet will be relatively small, at least not a second injury.”

“Is that so?”

Shi Yu said, “Baby Ginseng, you still have a lot of world power stored in your

Heavenly Emperor Cauldron, right? Feed it to Blue Planet later. Fix Blue

Planet’s injuries first and wake her up.”

“Then, Bu Lu, you pull out the cosmic behemoth and we’ll kill it. There’s no problem with that, right?”

“Yi. (Roger.)”

“No problem, but this way…” Bu Lu hesitated.

“What’s wrong now?” Shi Yu said.

“When Blue Planet slept, it pulled out the cosmic behemoth. Although it will cause Blue Planet a second violent injury, Blue Planet won’t feel any pain.

After all, it’s sleeping.”

“But if we repair Blue Planet first and awaken Blue Planet before pulling out that cosmic behemoth, although the damage to Blue Planet will be relatively small, it will be very painful.. After all, it’s awake!”