Chapter 1741 - Chapter 1741: World King’S Mission (4)

Chapter 1741: World King’s Mission (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

However, it probably couldn’t suppress it for long.

No wonder no one had broken through to the 14th heavenly layer. The further they went, the harder it became.

Shi Yu had already contracted six epoch gods. In the first team, apart from Baby Ginseng, everyone had already broken through.

In addition, Beast Shi Yu, a guy with mid-stage super divine battle power, felt the opportunity to break through to the 14th heavenly layer.

If it were other Beast Tamers, they would probably need 10 epoch gods to barely match the quality of Shi Yu and the other pets.

At the same time, the lightning tribulation… wasn’t that easy to withstand.

Not all Beast Tamers had a luxurious pet configuration like Shi Yu.

“Wu wu wu.” At this moment, Shi Yu’s team was very concerned about what the World King said.

Only Shorty, Turtle, and Little Quas were depressed, as if they had missed a hundred million dollars and were still depressed.

“Don’t worry, there’s still a chance in the future,” Baby Ginseng said.

But the happy smile on its face showed that it was happy that Shorty and the others couldn’t break through.

Eleven and the others curled their lips.

He thought that the number one in the team, ginseng baby, could be surpassed by the second team’s pet this time.

They were disappointed.

Shi Yu summoned Ling and said, “The Space Emperor and the others should still be outside the sky. Call them back and tell them that I’ve already returned to the Dong Huang Realm.” “Roger, Master,” Ling said.

In the starry sky.

The people here had yet to disperse, and even the Sun God General had already left. There were still tens of thousands of battleships stopping here.

On the Blue Planet battleship, the Space Emperor and the others were waiting for Shi Yu’s return. At this moment, the gem cat received Lings message.

On the battleship, the gem cat looked up and said, “Everyone, Shi Yu has already returned. They’re on World King Planet now. Let’s go back too.”

“Shi Yu is back?” Lin Feng said. “He’s pretty fast. 1 wonder why the World King is looking for him…”

“Don’t tell me he wants to acknowledge a godson,” the gem cat muttered.

“What did you say?” the prediction owl sked.

“No, nothing.” The gem cat covered its mouth and said, “Alright, let’s go back.”

The gem cat did not want the World Kings followers, like the Sun God General, to hear this.

If it was judged for such a small matter, it would cry to death.

The strength of the Sun God General had really frightened the cat just now. It was too terrifying to directly mobilize the power of so many stars in the Cosmic Sea.

Ahhh, when would it become so strong?

Although it was a super race born on the World King Planet, compared to a peak super divine stellar life form, its battle power seemed to be so much inferior.

At this moment, on the Blue Planet battleship, Dong Huang and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

They looked at the messy Duel Star and the already dim universe, and a huge rock in their hearts completely fell.

At least, once the Four Saints super divine were destroyed, there would be no faction that posed a threat to the Blue Planet.

After the allies of the Four Holy Family saw Shi Yu’s strength, they definitely wouldn’t be so bored. For the sake of the Four Holy Family that was destined to be destroyed, they came to make an enemy of the Blue Planet, which was at its peak.

After all, Shi Yu had seen the World King now. Just like how Shi Yu had seen a cosmic overlord in the overlord territory, no one knew what Shi Yu and the World King had discussed. It was equivalent to having a death exemption card on Shi Yu.

In the same camp, even a peak super divine expert like the Sun God General definitely didn’t dare to rashly touch Shi Yu without the command of the World King.

“Blue Planet is gone…” As the Blue Planet battleship left, the ten thousand races in the starry sky noticed.

“Is Shi Yu already back?”

As they watched the Blue Planet battleship leave, all the races in the starry sky were silent. These two transcendent duels could be said to be the highest battle above their level since ancient times.

At the divine level, it was extremely easy to kill a transcendent Level 6. It was simply terrifying.

Until now, no one had known Shi Yu’s true strength.

After all, Shi Yu had more than ten pets. In the current situation, who knew what other trump cards Shi Yu was hiding?

Now, even a super divine that had transcended the high-level was extremely afraid of Shi Yu. The level of fear even exceeded that Emperor Shi of Dong

Huang.

Emperor Shi was down and out..