Chapter 1746 - Chapter 1746: Descent Of The Mythical Era (1)

Chapter 1746: Descent of the Mythical Era (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu and Qi discussed very well.

They wanted to take revenge together.

However, there were always some unromantic guys in the team.

Ling said, “Master, dote on her.” “Apart from fighting in your minds, can you consider your own situation?” “Oh?” Shi Yu and Qi were stunned.

“Master, are you sure that in Qi’s state, she can fight a super divine level?” After being stunned, Shi Yu cursed.

He patted his head and said, “It’s all Qi’s fault… for leading me astray. Didn’t I want her to fulfill her dream?”

After Qi heard Ling’s reminder, its expression froze.

“Eh, eh, eh.’

Qi’s expression turned bitter. It suddenly realized that just as Shi Yu had said, it was fine to delay for a day or two by dealing with the super divine here.

However, if Qi solved it, it would be a big problem.

Because she had just transmigrated, her current state was already unstable. If she fought a super divine battle and her state fell, the time they could stay in this space-time would be even shorter. Perhaps in the battle, Shi Yu would directly be expelled from this space-time.

This was the factor that might delay their business.

It wasn’t worth risking it for an epoch god opportunity. After all, they only had one chance.

If it failed, this mission would be over.

“Qi is still only suitable for sleeping,” Ling said. “Go back to the Beast Taming

Space and sleep with the Space-time Jade.”

“Leave the mission of this space-time to us. Don’t help blindly.”

“This mission isn’t a joke. It won’t be too late for you to fulfill your dream after we have the ability to transmigrate back to the Mythical Era ourselves.”

Qi: 04Q.

“It wasn’t easy for me to come,” Shi Yu said. “If I don’t do anything, it’ll be too pitiful.”

“In that case, it’s fine if we can’t fight with all our might, but it shouldn’t be a problem for Tiny to attack, right?”

“Qi, when the time comes, throw a skill at your enemy to vent your anger and let the familiar people look at you in a different light. Then, let me settle it.

How about that!”

“Of course, you can also take revenge personally in the end!”

“This way, it won’t affect my condition, but 1 can fulfill my dream.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Yay!” Qi’s eyes lit up. She was very satisfied.

“Sigh, that’s it then.” Ling sighed. It couldn’t do anything to Shi Yu and the others.

However, taking care of his pet’s mood was indeed one of Shi Yu t s few merits. This mission was indeed very difficult. It had to constantly remind Shi Yu and the others not to be playful.

Next, Shi Yu and the others formulated a plan.

“In other words, the first to capture you are the Space Worms. They were the first to obtain your information.”

“The cosmic behemoth has been fighting the Blue Planet’s Will and doesn’t pay much attention to you.”

“As for the Abyss Evil God, it was only expanding its territory at the start. It was only after the Space Worms wanted to capture you for a long time that they realized your existence.”

“Yes, yes.” Qi nodded.

“Then, let’s start with this Space Worm first.”

“They might be subordinates of the sixth cosmic life form, or they know information about the sixth cosmic life form…

“Of course, it’s also possible that he purely wants to eat you and inherit your spatial travel power.”

“Ling, scan the world,” Shi Yu said.

“Roger.” Ling followed Shi Yu’s request and began to scan the world, searching for the three super divine levels.

However, not long after Ling started scanning, its expression suddenly changed.

“Master…”

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu said.

“Look…

Ling had just scanned when it discovered a divine-level worm not far away… No, a group of Space Worms.

There were no super magical bugs in this group of Space Worms. They weren’t what Shi Yu and the others were looking for.

However, what they did at this moment made Ling very angry.

It shared the scan results with Shi Yu. Then, Shi Yu instantly fell silent.

“Is it over?”

“Let’s go.”

Then, Shi Yu and the others quickly teleported to a place.

Shi Yu stopped in the sky. Below was a very huge island.

In the future, this land had already completely disappeared. It should have been sunk. As for now, it seemed to have already experienced a tragic war and become a place of desolate.

On the desolate land, a scene that shocked Shi Yu and the others happened.

A creature with a deer-like white body and a light and slender body was fleeing under the gray cloud. Its green patterns and cloud-like hair were too familiar to Shi Yu and the others.

Such an elegant, beautiful creature with a body that looked like the embodiment of wind was the Wind Kirin Race in Shi Yu and the others’ impression…

As for this Wind Kirin, it was the one Shi Yu and the others were most familiar with.

This Wind Kirin was the opportunity for Lings initial birth, the owner of that fossil.

Shi Yu never expected to encounter this little guy. At this moment, it was experiencing the same scene that Shi Yu and the others had seen in the fossil dream.

Pursued by a Space Worm.

“This is the island of the Wind Kirin Race.’

“Unfortunately, it’s the only one left.” “Ling, I’ll leave it to you,” Shi Yu said.

Seeing this familiar scene, Shi Yu couldn’t leave it in the lurch. After all, this guy could be said to be half Ling.

Soon, Shi Yu landed on the ground. On the other side, the Little Wind Kirin ran towards him with a panicked expression.

Every time it stepped on the ground, a light breeze lingered around it. The even more elegant green-blue silk-like hair on its head also fluttered in the wind. It was very beautiful..