Chapter 1749 - Chapter 1749: Descent Of The Mythical Era (4)

Chapter 1749: Descent of the Mythical Era (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“He’s my most important partner,” Qi said.

“Hello, my name is Shi Yu,” Shi Yu said as he walked over.

“Really?” The Cherry Divine Dragon looked at Shi Yu strangely, unable to believe that he could obtain such trust from Qi. “Forget it, it’s not important anymore. Qi, how many times have I told you not to use your ability to barge into some strange places?”

“This is a prep mystic realm. If you barge in casually like this, it’s very easy for something to happen.”

“Moreover… Do you know the current situation? Why do you still dare to run around? The Space Worms are hunting races everywhere. You should find a safe place to hide now.”

“This place… You should leave quickly. There’s going to be a war here soon, and the scale is very large. Lord Ancestral Dragon is even prepared to die in battle.’

“That evil god is coming…”

“Don’t worry!” Qi patted its chest and said, “Didn’t you notice any changes in my body?”

“Your chest has become smaller,” the Cherry Divine Dragon said.

Qi: “?”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Your ability improved again?” the Cherry Divine Dragon asked.

Every time the Time Sprite’s spatial travel ability increased by a level, its body would shrink a little. Others might not know this, but as one of Qi’s few friends, the Cherry Divine Dragon knew very well.

“Yes,” Qi said.

“l won’t escape with you.” The Cherry Divine Dragon shook its head and said, “l still have to protect Dragon Palace City. Running won’t solve any problem.

There are still trillions of ocean lives behind me. The tragic situation in the

Western Sea Region can’t happen here…”

“Who said I was going to escape! Qi stomped its feet in the air angrily and said, “l mean, I’ll help you too. Let’s fight the enemy together.”

“Stop kidding,” the Cherry Divine Dragon said. “You should leave quickly…”

As one of Qi’s friends, didn’t it know that the little guy in front of it was very timid?

As she didn’t have battle power, once she encountered danger, Qi would run away quickly as if she was shocked.

And now… the opponent was the invincible Abyss Evil God on Blue Planet. This matter had nothing to do with Qi in the first place. Letting Qi leave was the best choice.

“Hmph…” Qi said, “Little Cherry, do you understand the value of unscientific beasts…

“Huh? Science?” The Cherry Divine Dragon was stunned.

“Cough, cough.” Shi Yu coughed dryly at the side.

Don’t casually give me a nickname for my cultivation method. I’m a proper Beast Tamer.

“The two of you, let’s end the chatting here. The enemy is already here,” Shi Yu said.

The Cherry Divine Dragon widened its eyes: !!!

Boom!!!

The preparation mystic realm shook.

In the mystic realm, countless Dragon Palace soldiers focused 120% of their attention. However… their trembling bodies marked their fear.

“Roar!!!” At this moment, the pink-scaled divine dragon no longer cared about Qi and Shi Yu, nor did it have the time to care. The most important thing now was to stop the navy from resisting the abyss invasion.

As for Qi… Even if the Ancestral Dragon died in battle, it might not necessarily be fine.

“So weak! ”

At the same time, on the other side.

Bu Lu used the Earth Control to condense a stone rod and hit these Space Worms that had hunted the Wind Kirin Race to death.

The Space Worms it knocked to death were all born of the Space Worm

Empress. There was a close bloodline connection between the two parties.

As these worms died, the Empress of the worms on the moon far away from Blue Planet woke up from her egg-laying state.

Her heirs hunted rare races from Blue Planet and sent them to the moon. After she devoured them, she gave birth to new worms. Then, these worms entered the battle. This was her battle method.

Generally speaking, resisting such a small planet was enough even with the battle power of its heirs. However, this time, after sensing that it was suddenly concentrated at a time and that a large number of heirs and descendants had died, the insect empress was directly awakened.

“Cosmic behemoth?”

“Why would a second cosmic behemoth appear on this planet?”

“Damn it, first the Abyss Race, then the cosmic behemoth. Could it be that the information about the existence of the Time Sprite on this planet has been completely exposed? No, I have to go over and take a look at the situation. I can’t be afraid of them anymore..”