Chapter 1745 - Chapter 1745: A Million Years At A Glance (4)

Chapter 1745: A Million Years at a Glance (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yes, yes. Blue Planet’s mother has indeed fought with the cosmic behemoth several times. Every time, both parties are injured. After they recuperate, they fight again.”

“In short, it lasted for a long, long time. At this time, Blue Planet is still at the peak of the divine level. It’s not that strong…”

“Qi, can you confirm how long we can stay in this space-time?” Shi Yu asked.

“Sure, we can stay for about a year. If I can break through to the epoch god level, I can stay longer.”

“Only a year??” Shi Yu asked. “Well…” Qi said.

“About the same,” Shi Yu said.

“Then let’s do it as soon as possible,” Qi said.

“There’s no hurry. Don’t you want revenge?” Shi Yu smiled and said, “We don’t lack those few days. Why don’t we bring you along first and find the guys who bullied you previously to take revenge one by one?”

“Will this waste time…” Qi said.

“It’s not a waste. Qi, are you stupid? Don’t you understand why the World King wants us to transmigrate from Blue Planet?”

“Isn’t it because transmigrating on the mother planet might consume less energy?”

“Ling, tell her,” Shi Yu said.

“Well, looks like you’ve analyzed it too, Master,” Ling said. “Qi, didn’t you say previously that you were captured by many people on Blue Planet?”

“Yes, yes, yes. I feel that their liking for me is even higher than their liking for Blue Planet,” Qi said.

“That’s right,” Ling said. “If the active era of the sixth cosmic level is at this time, guess why these invaders like you so much?”

Qi fell into deep thought for a moment before its eyes gradually widened.

Suddenly, Qi also came to a realization.

“At that time, I was the only Time Sprite in the entire universe.”

“In other words, the sixth cosmic life form once captured Time Sprites wantonly in the entire cosmic range.”

“These invaders might have come to Blue Planet to invade at the start, but after learning of my existence, they immediately changed to capturing me. This means that there’s a sixth cosmic life form bounty on the Time Sprite in the universe…

“In fact, it’s possible that they didn’t come from the Contaminated Land and the Worm Mother Nest to invade Blue Planet. They purely came to capture me after knowing about the sometimes sprites on Blue Planet. They might even be subordinates of the sixth cosmic life form!! The cosmic overlord army has subordinates of various races. It’s not strange for the sixth cosmic life form to incorporate various races! ”

“Therefore, if our guess is correct, as long as we start with them, we can quickly obtain information about the sixth cosmic life form. The World King didn’t tell us, and he couldn’t even tell us the appearance, name, and abilities of the sixth cosmic life form, so we can only investigate ourselves,” Ling said.

“Starting from Blue Planet, it’s a small hint from the World King to avoid us taking too many detours.”

“Is that so?” Qi said.

“It’s also possible that we’re imagining too much. It’s really because transmigrating on our mother planet saves us more energy.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “But no matter what, we don’t lack these two to three days. Three super divine levels.”

“Isn’t this perfect? I’ll be your opponent to train your will??”

“If you can train your Super Divine Will through them and break through to the epoch god, cultivating the Space-time Travel skill to transcendent, we can have more time.’

“Yay!!!” Qi agreed with both hands and said, “1 want to kill! Well, wait a minute, I want to defeat a super divine level in front of someone I know. Before we fight the invaders, can we pull the Ancestral Dragon and the others over as spectators? I want them to admire the strength of my Time Sprite,

“Why not?” Shi Yu said. “Well… At this time, I wonder if the Wind Kirin Race has been exterminated.. I wonder how strong the young version of Goddess Wa is… Ancient God Golden Bull and the others probably haven’t even reached the divine level, right?”