Chapter 1748 - Chapter 1748: Descent Of The Mythical Era (3)

Chapter 1748: Descent of the Mythical Era (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“One is equivalent to general anesthesia surgery, and the other is equivalent to lucid surgery.”

“So no matter what, Blue Planet…

Shi Yu:

“Where did you learn this strange metaphor?”

Bu Lu said, “Don’t underestimate me. I’ve lived for a long time. I’m very smart and know everything.”

The corners of Shi Yu’ s mouth twitched. “This is unimportant. Blue Planet has already survived the tragic Mythical War. This little pain doesn’t matter now.”

“That’s good.” Bu Lu heaved a sigh of relief. Because the opponent was a super divine level cosmic behemoth, it had to analyze more with Shi Yu to prevent Shi Yu from saying that it was unprofessional.

“Ling, continue scanning,” Shi Yu said.

“Bu Lu, smash all the Space Worms here first.”

“Baby Ginseng, stay here and help Blue Planet recover its strength.”

Shi Yu gave the order. Bu Lu and Baby Ginseng appeared. The three pets began to work.

The red-haired little monkey disappeared in a flash and went to fight the Space Worm on this land.

As for Baby Ginseng, it took root on the spot and took out the huge cauldron, preparing to heal Blue Planet.

They had freeloaded so much power from Blue Planet. This time, they could “return the favor”.

“Sigh…” At this moment, Qi was flying beside him. The scene just now made Qi think of many bad things.

Even if Qi couldn’t attack, the Mythical War on Blue Planet had to end…

Otherwise, more than 90% of the races on Blue Planet would be extinct. “Master.” Ling continued to scan, but after scanning for a while, its expression changed slightly.

“Master, the Abyss Evil God is moving in the direction of Dragon Palace City. It seems to be preparing to enter the Eastern Sea Region.”

In the Mythical Era, the Western Sea Region was instantly lost due to the invasion of the Abyss Evil God. Then, the Abyss Evil God wanted to attack the Eastern Sea Region many times, but it was stopped by Dragon Palace City.

It was mainly because there were no powerful life forms in the Western Sea Region. Be it the angels or demons, their territories weren’t in the ocean.

However, the east was different. With a huge monster like Dragon Palace City, if the Abyss Evil God wanted to completely occupy it, it had to pass the Ancestral Dragon first.

“Shi Yu!” Qi floated beside Shi Yu like a floating spirit. Upon hearing Lings words, she suddenly recalled something, and her expression changed.

“Let’s go fight this Abyss Evil God first.” “I’ll deal with the Space Worm later.”

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu asked.

“l have a good friend who’s a member of Dragon Palace City. It died in the war with the Abyss Sea.” Qi looked at Shi Yu eagerly.

“It should be this war…

“You still have friends in Dragon Palace City? Why didn’t I hear you say so previously?” Shi Yu was surprised.

Qi said, “Because it’s a bad memory… 1 wanted to change everything after 1 became stronger, but I never had the chance.”

“Alright, no problem. Then let’s help Dragon Palace City resist the Abyss Sea first and let Bu Lu fight here himself. After it kills wantonly, maybe the super divine worm will be lured out by it.”

“Yes, yes.” Qi nodded.

The Abyss Evil God was indeed the one they should deal with the most. Firstly, Susu didn’t like this guy. Secondly, its war with Dragon Palace City also violated the interests of Buggy, Turtle, and Little Quas.

Cough, although the Ancestral Dragon was in charge now, it wasn’t a big problem.

Since they were here, Dragon Palace City was still theirs.

“Use the future sword to kill the Dragon God of the previous dynasty.”

However, not long after arriving, Shi Yu indeed felt the cruelty of the Mythical War.

The Wind Kirin Race, no, at this time, the entire Kirin Race, Phoenix Race, Angel Race, and Demon Race were being hunted by the Space Worms all over the world, and the Abyss Evil God was preparing to start a war with Dragon Palace City.

The current Blue Planet… had completely been devoured by the flames of war.

Dragon Palace City.

At this moment, Dragon Palace City had already sensed the approach of the Abyss Sea and was already in a full battle state. Even the door of the Dragon Palace mystic realm had already been tightly sealed.

Under the lead of the generals of Dragon Palace City, the Dragon Palace Navy

formed by countless shrimps and crabs was stationed in the Eastern Sea

Region.

Shi Yu and the others didn’t directly head to the Dragon Palace mystic realm. Instead, they searched for the friend Qi mentioned.

This friend from the Dragon Palace was a general of the Dragon Palace Sea Army in this war. Not only was he in a high position, but his strength was also pretty good, reaching a high-level god.

“Who is it?!”

After Shi Yu and Qi teleported into the battle preparation mystic realm where the other party was stationed, a pink-scaled divine dragon in meditation cultivation suddenly widened its eyes.

An external enemy invasion??

After sensing the invader, the Cherry Divine Dragon was shocked on the spot. But soon, it sensed that it wasn’t an enemy…

“Little Cherry, Little Cherry.” Accompanied by a familiar voice, the Cherry Divine Dragon looked at the pink elf flying over and said in surprise, “So it’s you. I was wondering who had the ability to barge in here.”

“Long time no see! Qi looked at the Cherry Divine Dragon in surprise. Qi didn’t expect to see it again one day.

“Wait, who is he?” The Cherry Divine Dragon suddenly discovered Shi Yu, who had followed Qi over, and couldn’t help but feel like it was facing a great enemy.

It was very shocked. Just now, even now, it actually didn’t sense any aura on Shi Yu t s body. Even if Shi Yu was in front of it and it saw it with its own eyes, it still didn’t sense any aura.

“Little Cherry, don’t be nervous. He’s my… Well…”

Qi didn’t know what to say, because there were no humans on Blue Planet at all, nor was there a Beast Tamer profession..