Chapter 1742 - Chapter 1742: A Million Years At A Glance (1)

Chapter 1742: A Million Years at a Glance (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“I give up.”

At this moment, the people who had been dealt a blow by Shi Yu were everywhere. As the Blue Planet battleship disappeared, on the Star Crow Race’s battleship, Zavay let out a long sigh and shook his head.

“Have you given up on surpassing him?” Ming Gu said. “It’s not embarrassing. Look at those unfamiliar faces that emit a powerful aura. They’re probably divine-level experts who woke up from ancient times. They’re also guys who broke through the limit several times.”

“Even they look panicked by Shi Yu e s existence. Let’s lie flat.”

It wasn’t that these geniuses couldn’t realize that no matter how talented they were, there were even more abnormal guys in the huge universe.

“It’s also a form of self-awareness to be able to recognize the difference.” On the Cosmic Crow Race’s battleship, the super divine ancestor of the Cosmic

Crow Race had appeared at some point in time. It looked at the outside world and said, “The Cosmic Sea is about to change.”

“I wonder what the other four epoch god Beast Tamers will think when they hear the rumors about Shi Yu.’

“If there’s no support from experts who have transcended the high-level or even the peak of the super divine level behind them, those of the same level will probably live in the shadow of Shi Yu…”

“However, it’s said that the accelerated condensation of the transcendent origin this time is controlled by the sixth cosmic life form. What will the direction of this battle be like…” The old time-element super divine seemed to have sensed something bad and said, “This time, the Cosmic Crow Race should try their best to wander outside and not be involved.”

Zavay and Ming Gu looked at the old crowman and lowered their heads to accept his teachings.

At that moment, the entire Cosmic Sea was shocked by this transcendent duel. Shi Yu’s name had already spread widely in the Cosmic Sea. Now, Shi Yu’s name would be even more terrifying. This was because he had destroyed the Four Saints alone and monopolized the Four Saints system alone. The Four Holy super divine had been destroyed. It was obvious that no one would dare to compete with Shi Yu in this faith system in the future.

It could be said that if the name of the Four Holy super divine was very famous in the universe, Shi Yu’s reputation was more than the sum of them.

Dong Huang Realm.

Shi Yu had been waiting for a long time for the descent of the battleship from Blue Planet.

When many familiar faces came down, Shi Yu saw one of the figures and said in surprise, “Senior Emperor Shi??? You’re here too? When?”

In the crowd was Senior Emperor Shi.

Emperor Shi walked down and said, “When you started the battle.”

“I thought you didn’t care about my situation,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“I already have a premonition that you will win this battle. Whether you come or not isn’t that important.” Emperor Shi shook his head.

“In short… it’s good that you’re fine,” the Space Emperor said. “Next is the crusade against the Four Holy Families.”

“That’s right, that’s right. I’ve long disliked them,” Lin Feng said.

Although the transcendent duel said that it didn’t involve the family, how could it not? If the person fighting Shi Yu wasn’t the sect master of the Four Holy Family, but someone else, then it was indeed possible not to involve the family later, because the strongest battle power of the Four Holy Family was still around.

If Shi Yu lost and was killed, it indeed wouldn’t involve Blue Planet. This was because Blue Planet still had a pile of super divine battle power and Emperor Shi. The Four Holy Family wouldn’t act rashly.

However, now that the strongest battle power of the Four Holy Family was dead, the core pillar of the family was gone. Even if Dong Huang didn’t Devour the businesses and factions of the Four Holy Family, the other factions wouldn’t let go of such a popular person.

In fact, even if the other factions didn’t interfere, the Four Holy Family would also be in chaos because of the death of their ancestor. No Four Holy Evolver wouldn’t desire that supreme position.

If the emperor had already fallen, the group of “princes” would definitely be restless.

“Everyone, don’t worry… This kind of thing… is unimportant. I have something more important to discuss with you next.”

“About the World King meeting me just now…”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Emperor Shi and the others! gazes landed on shi Yu.

When what Shi Yu was doing concerned the cosmic level, they wouldn’t ask further, but now that Shi Yu had taken the initiative to mention it, they had to listen carefully. It meant that it might really be something important.

Then, Shi Yu looked at Emperor Shi, the Space Emperor, even the gem cat, Senior Lu, and the others. “It’s just a World King mission…”

“That’s it. The escape of a sixth cosmic life form might pose a certain threat to the Cosmic Sea. After that, this place might become chaotic.”

“As for me, because I have some special characteristics, I was entrusted by the

World King with a heavy responsibility to carry out a quest. I don’t know how long it will take me to return.”

“During the time I’m not around, Lord World King will take extra care of Blue Planet. Everyone, take care, but I’ll complete the mission as soon as possible and come back. You don’t have to worry.”

“This…” Shi Yu threw the two source of transcendence to the gem cat. The gem cat looked surprised.

“As for this, I’ll leave it to you to study, Teacher Cat. If it’s useless, you guys arrange to split it. I don’t need these for the time being. With my current strength, I don’t rely on the source of transcendence much.”

“Can’t you bring me along for the quests??” The gem cat didn’t expect that Shi Yu wouldn’t bring it along after it became the strongest Star Prayer Race.

“Perhaps not this time, unless you sign a Beast Taming Contract with me.” Shi Yu looked at the car.

“I don’t want to.” The gem cat immediately rejected. Although Shi Yu was very strong, it was a free cat..