Chapter 1740 - Chapter 1740: World King’S Mission (3)

Chapter 1740: World King’s Mission (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Even if it was just a memory…

“This is unimportant,” the World King said.

“This is the ‘Space-time Jade’. Its power can support you to transmigrate once.

Its interior records the time coordinates you need to transmigrate.”

“At the same time, its power can also cover the aura of your Time Sprite, preventing it from being detected by anyone. It can even support you staying longer in the past space and time.”

As the World King finished speaking, an emerald green jade appeared in front of Shi Yu.

“Apart from that, there are also some support tools that you might need.”

Then, another spatial stone appeared beside the jade. This was a spatial equipment that contained support tools provided by the World King.

Shi Yu took the two tools and the World King spoke again.

“Whether you can complete the mission not only concerns yourselves, but also determines the peace of the Cosmic Sea to a certain extent.”

“It’s not that there are no risks in this mission. Instead, it’s extremely dangerous.”

“l won’t let you carry out the mission for nothing. As a reward, you can say whatever you want.”

Shi Yu said,

“Well, 1 can only say that I’ll try my best, but 1 might not necessarily be able to complete it. After all, the target is at the cosmic level…”

“What I want is that I think it’s impossible to complete the quests. I can interrupt and give up the authority of this mission at any time… After all, I can’t let my pets take the risk with me.”

“Also, if possible, I’ll go during this period of time. Please take good care of Blue Planet.’

“l understand your wish,” the World King said. “l promise you. After you’re ready, transmigrate to your and the Time Sprite’s mother planet in the near future. From there, you will explore as a starting point. You will slowly know the truth.’

“Remember, don’t use the source of transcendence to break through to super divine. Be it you or your pet, as for why, you should have transmigrated before. There’s no need for me to remind you, right?”

Shi Yu and the World Kings meeting was very short. The other partys riddle made Shi Yu’s heart itch.

Why would the sixth cosmic life form capture the Time Sprite of the entire

universe?

Why must Shi Yu, a transmigrator, do this mission?

What exactly was the sixth cosmic life form doing? What exactly was Shi Yu stopping her from doing?

Shi Yu was a guy with the highest battle power that exceeded the sixth stage.

What ability did he have to stop a cosmic life form?

Even if it transmigrated to the past, it was only a parallel space-time. Could it be that it would affect this space-time?

“Perhaps it will really affect this spacetime,” Shi Yu thought.

Even Emperor Wu and the others below the divine level would obtain the memories of parallel space and time because of the “space-time entanglement” phenomenon.

Then, if he did something in the past, the sixth cosmic life form of this space and time might also be able to obtain relevant memories.

Therefore, what the World King wanted to do himself might be to change some of this sixth cosmic life form’s thoughts.

From there, it affected this space-time from a parallel space.

Of course, this was only Shi Yu’s guess. Perhaps the truth was even more ridiculous. For example, the power of the Time Sprite and the World King could enter the real “past”. If that happened, it would change the “future”.

But no matter what, since the World King had spoken, Shi Yu had no choice but to accept this mission. At the same time, there was also a reason why he was very curious about this archeological quest.

In the outside world.

Shi Yu directly appeared inside the World King Planet, in the Dong Huang Realm.

After being teleported back, he looked at the starry sky and sighed slightly.

“Sob…” In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Qi was nervous. After the World King mentioned its existence, Qi was shocked.

After saying that the Time Sprite at the sixth cosmic level “specialized in eating”, he was even more shocked.

Archeological Qi was originally quite interested in the archeological sixth cosmic life form, but now… What sixth cosmic life form? Who was it? Did it want to know?

“Shi Yu, are we really going over?” she asked.

“I really didn’t expect that the Time Sprite in the entire universe would actually be stripped of its strength by the sixth cosmic life form. You’re the only one left…” Shi Yu said.

“The current situation is, what if the sixth cosmic life form discovers you and is disadvantageous to you?”

“If the World Kings Space-time Jade can cover your aura, it’s good for us to go over and avoid the limelight first,” Shi Yu said. “If we can deal with the sixth cosmic life form and stop her from targeting the Time Sprite, you’ll be safe after we return.’

At this moment, Shi Yu’s entire team exploded.

Just now, they didn’t dare to communicate, but now, they felt that the World Kings mission was unbelievable.

“According to my analysis, Master, perhaps we don’t have to be so nervous,” Ling said.

“What do you mean?”

“Is it possible that the sixth cosmic life form hasn’t reached the cosmic level at the time we’re going?”

“If the other party is really at the cosmic level, it’s no different from hitting a rock with an egg if the World King lets us go. But if the other party isn’t at the cosmic level at that time, but at the peak of the super divine level, the situation will be very different.”

“In the eyes of the World King, our battle power is close to the high-level super divine level. It might not be impossible to complete such a quest.”

“Moreover, Master, you should be reaching the 14th heavenly layer soon, right?”

“Yes..” Shi Yu nodded. After contracting the epoch god Bu Lu, Chi Tong, and Buggy to break through to the epoch god, he finally felt an opportunity to break through again. He was still suppressing it..