Chapter 1743 - Chapter 1743: A Million Years At A Glance (2)

Chapter 1743: A Million Years at a Glance (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

If it didn’t sign a contract with anyone, wouldn’t it still be super divine?

On the other hand, was Shi Yu!s pet super divine? No way!

“You can’t even if you want it. You’re already at the super divine level. I can’t contract you,” Shi Yu said.

“l can!” The Prediction Owl was eager to try.

“I’m at the divine level!”

In any case, the owl had unknowingly been contracted by the first-generation principal of Imperial Capital University once. It was nothing to be contracted by Shi Yu again.

It was really a vicious cycle, giving up the pride of the astrologers.

“l don’t want to,” Shi Yu said. “You should accompany Teacher Owl… Your strength will only be powerful if you use it together. I’ll leave it to you during this period of time…”

“You just don’t fancy me!!!” In Teacher Owl’s humanoid form, it was considered a beauty. It was so angry at Shi Yu that its chest trembled. It didn’t expect Shi Yu to be so disrespectful. How was it inferior to that cat?

Everyone laughed.

Shi Yu also laughed. In short, this mission involved transmigrating through space and time. Only lives who had contracted with him could travel together.

With the contract connection, the consumption of Qi’s teleportation and the others would be much smaller, but if it involved other non-contractors, then… Qi’s small body probably couldn’t withstand it.

Moreover, it didn’t matter if Teacher Cat and Teacher Owl weren’t around this time. Little Zi had completed the Star Contract with them and had already engraved their power projections. If necessary, Little Zi could also use it as a little cat. Although the quality of the skill was definitely inferior to them, it could make do with various buffs.

“Be careful.” Everyone tactfully didn’t ask about Shi Yu t s quests, but a few people, such as the World Tree clone, had already guessed what it was.

It was something special about Shi Yu… A mission that only Shi Yu could complete…

[Time Sprite?] Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God, and the others were all very smart, but they didn’t point it out. It involved space and time. This was indeed a difficult mission.

Thinking about it, it must be very related to the sixth cosmic life form. It concerned the stability of the Cosmic Sea.

If there was a dispute between the cosmic emperors, the super divine level was only a number. It wasn’t much different from the divine level in the eyes of the super divine level. It didn’t matter how many people died. It was better not to let such a bloody storm happen.

The mission on Shi Yu might be very difficult.

“This mission is very rushed, so I won’t exchange more pleasantries with everyone. 1 plan to set off soon and return to Blue Planet to prepare later. I’ll leave the matters of the World King Planet to everyone. You guys can handle the Four Holy Family as you wish,” Shi Yu said.

“Forget about the celebration banquet.”

“Shi Yu…” Lu Qingyi, Senior Panda, and the others looked at Shi Yu when they saw him leave in such a hurry again.

They felt that no matter how hard they tried, they couldn’t catch up to Shi Yu. Every time, they couldn’t help him at all.

“Huh? What’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely return safely. This kind of quest… isn’t the first time I’ve carried it out.” Wasn’t it just transmigration archeology? Even if it wasn’t related to the safety of the universe and Qi’s safety, his curiosity would still make him explore with 100% enthusiasm.

Since the World King, this riddler, didn’t say anything, he could investigate it himself.

A few days later.

Blue Planet…

Shi Yu began to transcend the fourth lightning tribulation.

One way or another, this heavenly tribulation only gave Shi Yu more pressure the first and second time,

During the first time, the lightning tribulation came suddenly, and Shi Yu wasn’t prepared at all. The only epoch god, Susu, wasn’t very proficient in resisting the lightning tribulation.

The other pets couldn’t resist at all.

If not for Beast Shi Yu, Shi Yu would have been in danger that time.

From this, it could be seen that even Shi Yu’s configuration was so difficult to resist the first lightning tribulation. One could imagine how miserable the others were.

It was probably a helpless move to avoid the lightning tribulation by sleeping

and sealing itself.

The second time, it was also sudden. Shi Yu and the others also spent a lot of effort, but fortunately, at that time, Susu and Lings skills were all upgraded. There were several transcendent divine skills that were relatively awesome. Only then did it pass. It was only on the third time that Shi Yu created a skill to resist the lightning tribulation for his pet that it became easier. As for now, with the fusion ability of two lifetimes, the lightning tribulation could be destroyed casually, even if it was at the 14th heavenly layer.

No matter how heaven-defying he was at the 14th heavenly layer, he couldn’t possibly be able to kill a high-level super divine battle power, right?

After shocking the entire Blue Planet’s lightning tribulation, Shi Yu reached the 14th heavenly layer of the divine level!

Even excluding the power of Beast Shi Yu, he could still have strength comparable to the middle stage of super divine if he cooperated with the other pets alone.

Including the fusion of Beast Shi Yu, it was definitely not a problem for it to be comparable to an upper-level super divine. No matter where it was, it was an expert.

Shi Yu was even more confident in carrying out this mission.

“This wave, what’s going on!’

“A super divine invasion??”

During the tribulation lightning, the five super divines on Blue Planet were awakened.

“There’s no need to be nervous. Shi Yu is undergoing the lightning tribulation.” The World Tree’s voice lingered in the hearts of the five super divines on Blue Planet.

“Another tribulation transcendence?? Didn’t he just transcend not long ago?

He broke through to the 12th heavenly layer of the divine level so quickly??” The five super divine beings of Blue Planet didn’t understand. This was too sick.

They felt that they had already been completely surpassed by Shi Yu.

World Tree:

“As long as you’re happy,” the World Tree said. “Close your doors.”

As various places on Blue Planet were trembling, Shi Yu clenched his fists under the encirclement of a group of pets and said, “This feeling is really good. Since I’ve broken through, it’s time to set off..”