Chapter 1758 - Chapter 1758: Key To Breaking Through (1)

Chapter 1758: Key to Breaking Through (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Zhang Gui, is this the person who brought memories?” While Shi Yu was waiting, the big shot of the Hundred Flower Army, who was suspected to be Zhang Gui’s superior and had a higher-level position, arrived.

“Yes, Master Feng,” Zhang Gui said. “His name is Shi Yu. He claims to have two memories of different types of super divine quality.”

“Lord, please come in.” Master Feng invited Shi Yu and said, “We need to appraise the resources.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu snapped out of his daze.

Then, Shi Yu followed the other party to the appraisal room. Under Master Feng’s expectant gaze, Shi Yu took out the Reincarnation Fruit created by Baby Ginseng and the memory water drop created by Susu.

The emerald-green Reincarnation Fruit and the light blue memory water drop didn’t look like ordinary items. After all, they were created by divine skills (Perfect+47) and (transcendent).

“This is…” Sensing the time fluctuations emitted by the Reincarnation Fruit and the memory water drop, Master Feng said in surprise, “It’s indeed a super divine-quality resource, and they’re both rare time-element resources!”

During this period of time, it wasn’t that there were no memory-type resources, but there were more spiritual-type resources. There were very few people like Shi Yu who took out two different types of time-type resources at once.

“Excuse me, what are the effects of these two resources?” Master Feng asked.

Shi Yu sat on the chair and introduced, “This fruit’s effect can allow life to recover the memories and power of its previous life. It can even recover its strength, let alone its memories.”

“And this drop of water can strengthen memory abilities, even making forgotten memories become clear.”

“Excuse me, do these two resources meet the requirements?”

“It fits, it fits too well.” Master Feng looked up at Shi Yu and said, “Sir, what do you want? Generally speaking, we exchange other super divine resources for memory-type resources.”

“So arrogant?” Shi Yu was surprised.

Using super divine resources to exchange for divine-level resources. Good lord, if the gem cat knew, it would definitely be angry. How could anyone do such a transaction? It was a waste.

“Haha, our Hundred Flower Army doesn’t have anything but money,” Master Feng said. “This kind of resource is very useful to us. It’s naturally a high-level acquisition.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Actually, I don’t have any special requests. I just heard that the Hundred Flowers Army was established by a big shot at the peak of the super divine level. I feel that it has a lot of potential, so… I want to join too.”

“It would be best if I could become a higher-up.”

“You want to join the Hundred Flower Army??”

“Yes, I wonder what position I can get if I offer these two resources.” Shi Yu asked, “Oh right, I’m still an archeologist. Is my EXP pretty rich? I even have the battle record of cracking an era ruin.”

Master Feng opened his mouth slightly and looked at Shi Yu. He was a little confused. What day was it today?

“This matter has already exceeded my range of handling. I can help you ask Lady Lily.”

“Alright, I can wait,” Shi Yu said.

Couldn’t this Little Zhang directly call that secretary called Lily over in one go? However, considering the other party’s quasi-divine level and low identity, it was unrealistic to get it done in one go. Shi Yu sighed.

Shi Yu only waited for about half an hour before Master Feng said, “Alright,

Lord Baihe has replied. Next, I’ll bring you to Morning Star to see Lady Lily.”

In half an hour, Shi Yu chatted a lot with this Master Feng. Unfortunately, he didn’t get any useful information. Shi Yu had already heard everything he knew from Zhang Gui.

“You’ve worked hard,” Shi Yu said.

As for more information, Shi Yu estimated that he could only see who this empress’s secretary was.

As the Super Empress, the person beside the future sixth cosmic life form… She should know a lot of inside information.

He just didn’t know… if she was easy to get along with.

Next, Shi Yu and Master Feng headed to Morning Star. After passing through the starry sky, Shi Yu and Master Feng descended onto a pavilion floating in the sky.

Flowers were planted everywhere in this floating pavilion. Under the beauty of the hundreds of flowers, a special fragrance spread. It was naturally fragrant, like a paradise.

“Is this really a place for a secretary to stay?” Shi Yu complained in his heart.

[That’s a future cosmic-level secretary. Of course it’s powerful. Not all secretaries are as bitter as me.] Ling said.

“How have I mistreated you?” Shi Yu said. “Speak with your conscience.” “You have no conscience. Alright, be careful,” Ling reminded.

As Shi Yu walked, he spoke to Ling in his heart. Soon, he arrived at his destination.

“Lady Lily,” Master Feng said when they arrived at a courtyard-like place.

Shi Yu looked over and saw a woman in a white silk slit cheongsam standing quietly beside a tree. She was holding an ancient book. Not only was she white, but she also had white hair. She had two buns on her head, and two ponytails extended from the buns. Her black eyes were as calm as the lake. The secretary named Lily said, “He stays. You can leave now.”

“Yes.” Master Feng immediately took his leave.

In the next moment, only Shi Yu was left. Shi Yu took a deep breath and raised his guard. This was because he realized that he couldn’t see through Lady Lily at all. The other party was like a mortal. There didn’t seem to be any power fluctuations on her body..