Chapter 1755 - Chapter 1755: Super Empress (2)

Chapter 1755: Super Empress (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

However, the sudden appearance of a pile of powerful children still made it a little uncomfortable.

After all, it didn’t watch the children grow up.

“In the future, Blue Planet indeed obtained victory in the war, but it also paid a heavy price. Mother Blue Planet, you slept for a long time before Blue Planet recovered.’

“After the war, Blue Planet is no longer suitable for divine-level life forms to stay. Almost all the divine beasts have gone to the starry sky to find a new home. There are also a small number of divine beasts sleeping on Blue Planet or choosing to reincarnate and wait for the Mythical Revival.”

Blue Planet said, “From the looks of it, Blue Planet seems to be developing very prosperously in the future.”

Shi Yu said, “You can understand it that way. This is all thanks to a life form that walked out of Blue Planet… Do you mind if I borrow the power of Blue Planet to find her?”

“l don’t mind,” Blue Planet said.

Next, the Blue Planet’s Will shared its strength with Shi Yu. Shi Yu instantly seemed to have become the master of Blue Planet and clearly understood the situation of every life on Blue Planet.

He discovered a demigod-level metal-element big bull and punched the worm’s corpse fiercely.

“Moo!!!” Ancient God Golden Bull was still a rookie at this moment, although it would still be a rookie in the future.

He also discovered some confused Wind Kirins and revived in his wind domain.

This time, the Kirin Race in this space had the responsibility of luck. They finally didn’t have to be so unlucky.

However, these weren’t the targets Shi Yu was looking for. What he was looking for…

“Eh.” Shi Yu finally discovered traces of Goddess Wa on an island. At this time, Goddess Wa was only an intermediate god…

It had yet to grow to the peak of the divine level. Although Goddess Wa was also one of the few supreme gods of Blue Planet in the Mythical Era, she slowly grew up during the war and wasn’t a supreme god from the start.

“Looks like I’ve already obtained benefits from the Goddess Wa Ruins,” Shi Yu said. This was because the current Goddess Wa already had a human body and a snake tail.

Initially, he wanted to see if he could freeload on the Goddess Wa Ruins in this space-time, but from the looks of it…

He wouldn’t waste time playing with Goddess Wa. He would do business first. If there was time, he would talk about it later.

“In the future, she will bring back the humans from the starry sky and let the humans take root and sprout on Blue Planet. The rise of the humans largely determines the rise of Blue Planet.’

Shi Yu said, “Since the invaders have been destroyed, Blue Planet can actually still try to open the Stargate and let the various races head to the starry sky to take a look.”

“However, I don’t recommend this time. Next, Blue Planet should recuperate for ten thousand years,” Shi Yu said.

At this time, if he couldn’t deal with the sixth cosmic life form next, the sixth cosmic life form would definitely fight the World King and the cosmic overlord.

It was safer for Blue Planet to stay at the edge of the universe.

“Alright, I’ll listen to your suggestion,” the Blue Planet’s Will said.

Shi Yu looked at Qi beside him. Qi also looked at Shi Yu.

“In that case, we won’t stay long. I’ll leave it to you. If possible, you can focus on nurturing it.” Shi Yu also sent the Little Wind Kirin out and in front of Blue Planet.

Although the Blue Planet’s Will didn’t know the reason, it still nodded in the face of the future savior’s instructions.

The Wind Kirin Race, a race that bore the luck of the Kirin Race, looked like they had a deep karmic connection with the person in front of them in the future.

“Are you guys leaving?”

“Well, we’re leaving.”

Shi Yu and the others and Blue Planet were silent. Blue Planet knew that Shi

Yu and the others didn’t transmigrate purely to save Blue Planet, but since Shi Yu and the others didn’t say anything, it wasn’t appropriate for her to ask.

In order to hurry, Shi Yu and the others had already approached the Hundred Flowers Star Domain a few days later.

The Hundred Flowers Star Domain was named after a huge flower-like nebula in the star domain. This place was completely unknown previously. There wasn’t even a super divine life form.

In the entire universe, it was just a place like dust. It belonged to the corners of the universe, and it was only slightly better than the star domain where Blue Planet was.

However, as the mysterious expert who suddenly appeared in the Hundred Flowers Star Domain occupied this place, it was quickly visited by many super divines.

The reason was very simple. This mysterious expert used the treasure of the era universe as a reward to find information about the Time Sprite.

For the sake of a cosmic treasure, even super divine levels were tempted. During this period, there were also super divines who had ill intentions, but they were instantly crushed by a psychic power, so no one dared to be greedy.

This mysterious expert was undoubtedly very strong. So strong that she made the starry sky of the Hundred Flowers Star Domain famous just by staying here.

A few days later, Shi Yu and the others had already entered the Hundred Flowers Star Domain. According to the memories of the Worm Empress, Fei Lang, they searched for the star where the sixth cosmic life form lived.

This planet called Morning Star was still open to the public even after it was occupied. When Shi Yu and the others arrived, they could even see many battleships and spaceships parked outside the planet.

“Ling, looks like we still have to register.” After arriving, Shi Yu and the others realized that unlike Fei Langs memories, although this Morning Star could still be entered, there was an additional registration process.

There was a huge starry sky city outside the star, seemingly holding many functions. Many battleships needed to stop here before entering Morning Star before they could be allowed to enter the star.

Shi Yu and the others queued obediently. Soon, it was their turn. After landing in the starry sky city, a human in a blue spacesuit welcomed them outside the battleship..