Chapter 1750 - Chapter 1750: Information Of The Sixth Cosmic Life Form(1)

Chapter 1750: Information of the Sixth Cosmic Life Form(1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Eastern Sea Region.

The various armies of the Dragon Palace Navy were already prepared for battle from top to bottom of the ocean. They looked at the black Abyss Sea that suddenly accelerated in front of them and swallowed their saliva crazily.

“It’s pollution! ! ! ”

“Cleansing Army, prepare! !! ”

The Cherry Divine Dragon circled in the sky and looked at the surging black waves. It was extremely nervous.

It was a fighter, but at this moment, it was also forced to learn cleansing skills. At the moment, most sea creatures were like this. It didn’t know if their unfamiliar cleansing skills could resist the abyss invasion.

“Roar! ! !

Apart from the various Dragon Palace Navies, in the ocean, a dark blue divine dragon with golden patterns on its back and a huge black and white intertwined on its abdomen soared into the sky from the Dragon Palace sea area. The aura of a quasi-epoch god was undoubtedly revealed.

With the descent of the Ancestral Dragon, the aura of the Eastern Sea Region immediately increased.

However, it only increased its aura. It was impossible for the Ancestral Dragon to help these armies reach the abyss invasion. It wanted to preserve all its strength and concentrate all its energy on the unappeared Abyss Evil God…

That guy… was the most terrifying existence.

Only by defeating that guy could the threat disappear.

“No, I can’t resist!!!”

“Lord Cherry, we can’t resist at all. What should we do?”

A million navies under the jurisdiction of the Cherry Divine Dragon used the cleansing wave together to push out the cleansing power to resist the abyssal wave that attacked.

However, it failed in a few seconds. This situation was happening everywhere. The ocean lives on Blue Planet were completely no match for the abyss army polluted by the Abyss Evil God.

“How is this possible…”

At this moment, the Cherry Divine Dragon had also joined the cleansing army, but when the cleansing power fused, it was helpless. It could only watch helplessly as the black abyss continued to attack.

“Could it be that… even Dragon Palace City is going to be swallowed by the

Abyss Sea this time? What should we do?”

“It doesn’t matter. I’ll attack.”

Just as the army under the jurisdiction of the Cherry Divine Dragon was extremely panicked, a pink and white wave swept across the sea. A familiar voice of the Cherry Divine Dragon came from the sky.

In the next moment, the Abyss Sea that was corroding from the west to the east suddenly stopped there. The flow of time became very slow and almost stopped.

Then, under the contact of the pink and white fluctuations, the black water recovered into blue seawater in a ridiculous and even unbelievable way.

In fact, the Western ocean life form that pushed the Abyss Sea over and was polluted by the Abyss Evil God also recovered to its original appearance under this pink and white wave. It was in the sea in a daze.

This power not only helped the sea area under the jurisdiction of the Cherry Divine Dragon, but also shocked the countless Dragon Palace soldiers in the surrounding sea area. They didn’t know what had happened.

The Cherry Divine Dragon was the first to notice the abnormality. It looked at a certain place in the sky in disbelief and saw a very small pink elf holding a very small umbrella. With a light wave, pink and white time fluctuations flowed like a tide.

Under the lingering time fluctuations, she was incomparably holy, and her divine power was as vast as the universe.

“What power is this?” The Cherry Divine Dragon said in disbelief.

It looked at Qi, who had returned the Abyss Sea and the abyss life form to their previous state before they were polluted with a gentle wave, and its gaze was shocked to the extreme.

This was Qi? It didn’t remember Qi mastering such power.

This scene not only shocked Qi’s good friend, the Cherry Divine Dragon, but also made the cautious Ancestral Dragon in the sky suddenly look over.

After its gaze landed on the Time Sprite, it was also extremely incredulous.

“Time Sprite? It’s her?”

“But how is that possible… Isn’t that the only skill the Time Sprite can use?”

“Apart from the Blue Planet’s Will, it’s impossible for any other life form to use this power of time.”

“And her aura…” The Ancestral Dragon was quickly shocked to discover that the divine power fluctuations of the Time Sprite, which was originally barely at the high-level divine realm, were actually not inferior to it.

They were all at the peak of the top-notch Divine Realm, the limit of a perfect divine.

“What did she experience?” The Ancestral Dragon was confused. At this moment, there was actually an area that was black and had yet to be turned back.

In this area, two strange lights suddenly lit up.

That was a terrifying creature under the Abyss Sea. It was about to appear.

Its figure was slowly outlined like a monster. It vaguely had the outline of a person, but it had a head with many tentacles like an octopus. Its body was covered in scales, and it had huge claws. There was also a pair of long and narrow wings behind it…

The image had some characteristics of octopuses, bats, and humans.

It appeared from the Abyss Sea, dragging its bloated and fat body… Its huge green body staggered out of the dark sea and walked into people’s vision… Its body emitted indescribable fear waves.

“Abyss Evil God.” The appearance of the Abyss Evil God made the Ancestral Dragon extremely nervous, and it also made countless ocean lives tremble. Just seeing it made them almost crazy.

“Invaders, so weak,” Qi said. Under everyone’s incredulous expressions, Qi waved its small umbrella, and a powerful spatial wave turned into a wave of attack. With a boom, it flipped over the Abyss Evil God that had just descended!!

“Roar!!!” As the Abyss Evil God roared, the Ancestral Dragon and the Cherry

Divine Dragon, who were looking at the Time Sprite, were completely numb..