Chapter 1759 - Chapter 1759: Key To Breaking Through (2)

Chapter 1759: Key to Breaking Through (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hello, my name is Lily. I’m Her Majesty’s secretary.” She closed the book with both hands and looked at Shi Yu, her gaze flickering with an indescribable luster.

“Esteemed guest, I’ve already heard about you from Master Feng. I’m very interested in your resource called the Reincarnation Fruit and the memory

water drop. Can I take a look?”

“Of course.” Shi Yu nodded. Then, he took out the Reincarnation Fruit and the memory water drop from the equipment space and placed it on the stone table.

Secretary Lily didn’t move on the spot. She looked at the Reincarnation Fruit and the memory water drop. “This fruit should have been watered by that water drop.”

“Lady Lily, you’re indeed impressive. You can even tell.” Shi Yu was surprised.

In terms of quality, Baby Ginseng’s Reincarnation Fruit was actually better, because the Reincarnation Fruit was cultivated with a bunch of resources such as the Time Fruit and the memory water drop. It was a huge mix.

“It’s indeed a very rare resource,” Lily said. “Unfortunately, although the quality isn’t bad, the level is too low. If this fruit can reach the level of super divine quality and super divine level, it will be a very rare treasure.”

“Dear guest, can you tell me where you obtained this Reincarnation Fruit?”

Shi Yu pondered for a moment and said, “Lady Lily, it’s not a problem to tell you… However, I also want to know what you want to do with such resources.”

Lily smiled and looked at the plants. “It’s naturally to treat the Super Empress. Because the Super Empress’s mental strength is too strong, she’s been troubled by illnesses all year round and lost many key memories. These resources are the key to her recovery of her memories.”

“If the resources you provide can be one level higher, you might be able to help a lot.”

“The Super Empress lost many key memories???” Shi Yu was shocked. Although he had long guessed it, he didn’t expect this secretary of the Super Empress to say it so easily.

So, his previous guess was right?

“Oh, I might have said something important.” Secretary Lily shook her head and said, “Don’t talk nonsense, or there might be very serious consequences.”

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. Holy sh*t, he completely couldn’t understand Lily.

What was Lily doing?

If it was something important, she shouldn’t have told him.

“Well, let me think. It shouldn’t have been long since this fruit was born, right? In addition, it was watered by this water drop. In other words, you have mastered the cultivation method of this fruit,” Lily said. “Am I right?”

“That’s right…” Shi Yu said.

“In that case, that’s great. I heard from Master Feng that you want to join the Hundred Flower Army, right? However, compared to your identity as an archeologist, I think another identity is more suitable for you. That is, quickly think of a way to increase the level of this fruit to Level 11.” “At that time, I can satisfy whatever you want,” Lily said.

“Is it alright to see the Super Empress??” Shi Yu asked.

“You want to see her?” Secretary Lily said. “With your current strength, it’s not easy to stop her.”

“If you say something that makes her unhappy… Well, Her Majesty has a very bad temper. When she’s angry, it’s very terrifying.”

“Huh…?” Shi Yu was stunned. “Lady Lily, what do you mean?”

Stop the Super Empress? Shi Yu suddenly became nervous, his heart thumping.

“Didn’t you borrow the power of the Time Sprite to come from the future to the past to stop the Super Empress? However, your strength seems to be a little weak. Such strength can’t even deal with ordinary peak super divines, let alone the Super Empress. She probably only needs a thought for you to die without a complete corpse. Your Time Sprite will probably be eaten like soup.” Secretary Lily smiled faintly, making Shi Yu’s heart almost explode.

In the Beast Taming Space, Qi also let out a miserable cry like a pig being slaughtered.

Shi Yu suddenly retreated.

Damn it, damn World King, you tricked me.

Didn’t they say that the Space-time Jade would cover the aura of the Time Sprite and make it impossible to see their identities as transmigrators?

Why could even a little secretary tell that he came from the future now? From her tone, it was more like she had already seen through his full strength!

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t want to play anymore. He only wanted to immediately use the Space-time Jade to let Qi bring him back to this space- time dimension.

“She doesn’t seem to have any ill intentions.”

However, the reminder of the pets made Shi Yu calm down. Secretary Lily indeed didn’t seem to have any ill intentions.

Although she didn’t look like a good person either.

“Who exactly are you?” However, Shi Yu still chose to ask.

“Me? I’m just a pitiful tool,” Secretary Lily said. “At the same time, I don’t completely agree with what the Super Empress does.”

“What exactly does the Super Empress want to do?” Shi Yu asked.

This person seemed to be able to answer him.

Secretary Lily said, “What she wants to do is only to recover her memories.” “You should have a guess about her origin, right?”

Shi Yu said, “Could it be… that the Super Empress was a transmigrator from the last era and lost her memories during the transmigration process?”

“That’s right,” Lily said. “Her Majesty indeed came from the last era, just like you. After she came to this era, she had powerful strength, but she lost all her memories, including her name and identity. She has even forgotten who she is.

She has no memories at all..”