Chapter 1754 - Chapter 1754: Super Empress (1)

Chapter 1754: Super Empress (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Next, after Shi Yu and the others obtained useful information, they directly killed the three super divine invaders.

Killing a child with one slash.

Painless death.

“Tell me, which one of you is holding us back!”

At this moment, Shi Yu held the black Book of Origin Plunder and looked at a source of transcendence floating in the air. He said fiercely.

“Although the three super divines are all trash who have transcended once, only one of them dropped after stacking so many buffs??”

Shi Yu didn’t believe it.

The Book of Origin Plunder increased the probability of the source of transcendence dropping. In addition, Little Zi projected Teacher Gem Cat and Teacher Prediction Owl and used Wish+Fate Lock at the same time. With so many buffs stacked together, Shi Yu originally thought that he would obtain three sources of transcendence, but in the end, only the Queen of Worms exploded.

If the cosmic behemoth and the Abyss Evil God died, they would completely

die, leaving nothing behind.

Not only was it useless before death, but it was also useless after death. Useless thing.

“According to my calculations, it’s impossible for only one source of transcendence to drop when our abilities superimpose…” Ling said.

“This probability is extremely small, almost negligible.”

“Mimi.” Little Zi also revealed an innocent expression, feeling that it wasn’t a burden.

It had already tried its best to restore the power of Teacher Gem Cat and Teacher Prediction Owl.

“Roar, roar, roar.” Eleven and the others were noisy. They looked at the retreating little monkey. Could it be Bu Lu?

This guys luck was pitifully poor. Perhaps it caused the entire team’s luck to worsen?

Even if its luck was heaven-defying previously, it would be normal luck if it neutralized it.

Shi Yu looked at Bu Lu.

“Wu!!!” Bu Lu said, “Don’t wrongly accuse a good beast. It’s not my last saber.”

“You mean, it’s my fault?” In the end, Qi couldn’t help but say, “My luck is very good, alright?”

“It must be because these three guys are too weak.”

Losing two sources of transcendence, in addition to the two lost in the transcendent duel, meant losing four.

Who knew how serious Shi Yu and the others’ losses were during this period of time?

“Wu wu        Shi Yu couldn’t help but say, “Forget it, one is enough. We don’t need it anyway.”

“l can’t be too greedy.”

Shi Yu and the others were prepared to use this source of transcendence as a “bribery”.

This thing was at least equivalent to a “cosmic treasure” resource. When they went to the sixth cosmic life form, they could directly use the resources to open the way. It should be able to allow them to approach the sixth cosmic life form more smoothly.

If they didn’t need it in the end, they would throw it to the Blue Planet’s Will in this space and time.

After Shi Yu put away the resources, he said,

“So next, we’re going to that place called the ‘Hundred Flowers Starfield’, right?”

“Ling, how long will it take to reach that place?” Shi Yu asked.

“That star field is also at the edge of the Cosmic Sea. Although it’s a distance away from us, it’ll be done in about seven days. We have the energy gifted by the World King, so we can travel very quickly,” Ling said.

“Moreover, there’s also Bu Lu’s Hole of the Universe.” Ling looked at Bu Lu.

“l suddenly remember why I killed that guy so early. Its labor could clearly be free… I’ll kill it after freeloading.” Bu Lu recalled the cosmic behemoth that it had just killed and felt that it was a pity.

With this guy, Bu Lu didn’t have to be a laborer. At the same time, it could also make the cosmic behemoth look not so useless.

Unlike now, Shi Yu and the others probably despised the cosmic behemoth and the Abyss Evil God to death.

Shi Yu said, “…You’ve improved a lot. Learn from Bu Lu. You’ll save more.”

“Forget it this time, we’ll pay attention next time.”

“Right, right?” Bu Lu was very happy to be praised.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets looked at Bu Lu in silence. They didn’t expect that this guy would be assimilated by Shi Yu so quickly.

It was too scary. They had to hold on to their hearts.

After finishing their work, Shi Yu and the others headed to the outside world. At this time, Inatella didn’t seem to have been born. The World Tree hadn’t even been born.

However, there was no need for Shi Yu and the others to take the initiative to look for the Blue Planet’s Will. The Blue Planet’s Will appeared on its own.

Compared to the humanoid will of this space-time, the Blue Planet’s Will of this space-time transformed into a blue sprite that looked like Qi and appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

The Blue Planet’s Will in this space and time had yet to experience a complete

Mythical War. Compared to the mature, stable, and powerful Blue Planet’s Will in the future, it still looked like a girl. It was a little inappropriate to call her Mom.

“Thank you.”

The Blue Planet’s Will thanked Qi and Shi Yu.

“There’s no need to thank me. This is what 1 should do!” Qi flew in midair and was smug. It didn’t expect that one day, it could actually bring powerful reinforcements to save Blue Planet and end the Mythical War.

Now, the Blue Planet’s Will should have a whole new level of respect for her.

Everyone should have a whole new level of respect for the Time Sprite.

“You didn’t come to this space-time specially to save Blue Planet, right?” Blue

Planet’s Will looked at Shi Yu and the others and said, “l can sense that you’re

also born on Blue Planet.”

“In other words, according to the normal historical direction, Blue Planet also won the Mythical War.”

Shi Yu said, “As expected of Blue Planet’s mother.”

It was still convenient to call it that.

Blue Planet’s Will, who had turned into a blue elf, was silent, although it wasn’t wrong for these lives born on Blue Planet to call their mother planet

Mom..