Chapter 1752 - Chapter 1752: Information Of The Sixth Cosmic Life Form (3)

Chapter 1752: Information of the Sixth Cosmic Life Form (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The three invasion super divines on Blue Planet definitely couldn’t be their opponents. They had to deal mith them quickly, accurately, and ruthlessly. After thinking about it, Baby Ginseng estimated that its destined self had to go to the starry sky to find it again.

At the same time.

Under the power of Baby Ginseng, the incomplete power of laws on Blue Planet had already been Restored by the power of the world. Blue Planet’s Will slowly woke up from its sleep.

The first thing she did when she recovered her consciousness was to find the creature that helped her recover. Then, she discovered the existence of the ginseng baby and sensed a familiar wave from it.

“Why don’t I remember such a creature on Blue Planet?”

The familiar fluctuations on Baby Ginsengs body made the Blue Planet’s Will extremely puzzled.

At the same time, she quickly looked at Shi Yu, but she couldn’t see anything at all. This was because the fluctuations of time transmigration on Shi Yu and the others had already been covered by the Space-time Jade. Unless it was stronger than a World King, it was very difficult to see.

However, as it saw Qi beside Shi Yu and the others, the Blue Planet’s Will immediately understood something.

Although it couldn’t sense the transmigration wave, it knew Qi and her identity.

“l see. Are they reinforcements Qi found from the future?”

“l didn’t expect this little guy to have already grown to this extent.”

“Hehe.” When the Blue Planet’s Will stared at Shi Yu and the others, Shi Yu and the others also discovered the Blue Planet’s Will.

Qi even smiled at the Blue Planet’s Will, as if it was very happy with the praise.

In the next moment, Shi Yu also held a stick and looked up at the sky, as if he was looking at the Blue Planet’s Will.

“Hehe.” Shi Yu also chuckled. Although he didn’t know Shi Yu, when he saw Shi Yu’s smile, the Blue Planet’s Will immediately had a bad feeling.

“Sorry, it’s just a little pain.”

Shi Yu held a stick and directly knocked on Blue Planet’s space, wanting to forcefully open the Hole of the Universe where the super divine level cosmic behemoth hid.

The violent impact directly caused Blue Planet, which had just recovered its state and consciousness, to encounter a powerful collision again.

“This reinforcement…” The Blue Planet’s Will felt dizzy. It felt like it had been swung with a stick, and it was very painful.

However, Bu Lu’s prediction was right. Under its power, even the independent Hole of the Universe opened by a super divine-level cosmic behemoth was very easy to open.

In the cosmic hole, a golden gorilla-like cosmic behemoth suddenly opened its eyes and looked at Shi Yu, who was holding a stick outside, in shock.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was at the 14th heavenly layer of the divine level, faced this cosmic behemoth that had transcended the low-level. He didn’t even need to fuse with the Beast Shi Yu. He directly relied on the combination of source power and Bu Lu to charge in.

“Who are you?”

“A super being from Blue Planet,” Shi Yu said. “Eat this!”

Boom boom boom!!!

Blue Planet trembled again. At this moment, every high-level god and top-notch divine clearly sensed the changes on Blue Planet.

The super divine level cosmic behemoth was also insta-killed. The Blue Planet’s Will was almost silent. It couldn’t believe that the reinforcements Qi brought from the future were actually so powerful.

What exactly happened to the future Blue Planet to actually have such a powerful life form?

It never expected that this disaster that might cause the complete destruction of Blue Planet would be resolved by the Time Sprite.

“Alright.” At this moment, after sealing the cosmic behemoth, Shi Yu looked at the sky and said, “I’ll take these three guys away. Next, please recover Blue Planet yourself.”

“It’s best to revive the Wind Kirin Race. I’ll excuse myself first. After a while, I’ll come and answer your questions.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he brought Qi, Baby Ginseng, and the others into the sealed space.

Compared to answering some questions to the Blue Planet’s Will in the past, he wanted to find information about the sixth cosmic life form from the three super divine invaders more now.

First was the last golden giant ape that had been beaten up. It was extremely injured.

As it was nailed to the huge pillar in a daze, Shi Yu summoned Susu, Buggy, and the others and let them find its memory information through their own methods.

Buggy had mental control, and Susu could transfer the other party’s memories through the memory water drop.

“Ji. (This guy doesn’t know anything. It came to Blue Planet purely by accident and saw that Blue Planet was more delicious.)” Buggy gave an answer.

“Ning.” Susu also gave an answer. It was probably the same.

“Is that so??” Shi Yu was stunned. Damn, Blue Planet was really unlucky.

“Next, it’s the Abyss Evil God’s turn.”

Shi Yu and the others changed to the sealed space of the Abyss Evil God. Buggy and the others used the same method to investigate memories.

The results of the investigation this time made Shi Yu and the others frown.

Because the Abyss Evil God… also accidentally discovered Blue Planet and decided to occupy it!

After learning from the World King that the sixth cosmic life form was hunting the Time Sprite, Shi Yu and the others originally thought that the invaders of Blue Planet might have come with one goal.

However, from the looks of it, Blue Planet was still too fragrant.

“As expected, it still has to be the Worm Empress.”

“It’s definitely the most important.” Shi Yu left the most likely to know some information at the end.

Then, Shi Yu and the others, who had turned to the sealed space, fell into ecstasy after investigating through the same method again.

Because this insect empress finally didn’t know anything like the first two guys.

“Space Worm Race, super divine life form, Fei Lang. It’s a Space Wanderer of the Space Worm Race. It belongs to the Space Worm Mother Nest. Its racial instinct is to invade various life planets and absorb the essence of the planet’s life to strengthen the racial faction..”