Chapter 1757 - Chapter 1757: Super Empress (4)

Chapter 1757: Super Empress (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“More or less,” Zhang Gui said.

“Moreover, the most important thing is that it’s easy. The archeologists of the Hundred Flower Corps haven’t had to do anything in the past few years. They can enjoy extremely high resource treatment every year. I’m envious.” “You don’t have to do any work??” Shi Yu was surprised.

“Yeah, maybe there aren’t any ruins to explore at the moment. It’s simply a retirement class that I dream of. Unfortunately, I don’t have archeological talent.’

Shi Yu was dissatisfied. He originally wanted to join the Hundred Flower Army through his identity as an archeologist, but from the looks of it, if he didn’t even have a chance to perform, he might not be valued for a long time.

If it wasn’t valued, it would be difficult to see the Super Empress.

He couldn’t rely on the other party by showing his true strength, right… That would make his goal seem too clear.

He could also directly cause trouble and come into contact with it… But then, there was no need to fantasize. He felt that he would die.

“By the way, what you just said is the secretary of the Super Empress. Who is this person and how did she become the secretary of the Super Empress?” Shi Yu planned to start with this guy.

“You mean Lady Lily?” Zhang Gui said. “That lord has been following beside Her Majesty ever since she appeared. No one knows how she obtained Her Majesty’s recognition.”

“But compared to the Super Empress, this lord is much easier to talk to. Moreover, she’s equivalent to the right-hand woman of the Super Empress. She’s in charge of everything big and small in the Hundred Flower Army.”

“Including the Time Sprite, she’s also in charge of the reward for recalling resources.”

Shi Yu caught some key words and said, “Memory resource? What kind of bounty is this?”

Zhang Gui said, “Uh, the Hundred Flowers Army has been buying ‘memory-type resources’ recently, requiring them to be above super divine quality.”

“However, such resources are extremely rare. After so long, I feel that I’ve also bought some, but it’s still continuing. I feel that the use isn’t that simple.”

“Wu.” Shi Yu fell into deep thought again.

“Speaking of which, I’m an archeologist.”

“Really??” Zhang Gui widened his eyes and said, “It doesn’t look like it… Ah, no, I mean, aren’t archeologists all old people?”

“That’s not right either. I just feel that your aura… Well, you should have other more powerful identities.”

For example, the kind of silly and rich son of a landlord… Zhang Guixin thought.

“You’re biased,” Shi Yu said. “Moreover, I happen to have two super divine-quality memory-type resources here. Tell me, if I offer these memory-type resources and join the Hundred Flower Army as an archeologist, can I see Lady Lily and obtain her recognition?”

“This…” Zhang Gui said, “l, I don’t know.”

“However, if the quality of your resources passes, you might really be able to see Lady Lily in person. Her status in the Hundred Flower Army is supreme. If you can obtain her recognition and become the core higher-ups of the

Hundred Flower Army, it will definitely be a done deal! ! ”

“Then you should be in charge of reporting, right??” Shi Yu said.

“Yes, yes, sure. I’ll just report it to my superior…”

Shi Yu smiled. “Then I’ll leave it to you. I have two different types of super divine-level memory-type resources here. One is a wood-element fruit-type resource called the Reincarnation Fruit, and the other is a water-element memory resource called the Memory Water.”

“Alright, leave it to me!” Zhang Gui thought. As expected of a rich family.

Next, Shi Yu began to wait. At the same time, he analyzed in his heart. Bounty for memories??

He had an unbelievable guess.

Could this memory-type resource be something that the sixth cosmic life form wanted to use?

For example, if she was a transmigrator, was it possible that she had forgotten some memories like him?

Therefore, he put up a bounty for rare memory-type resources, wanting to try and develop a way to recover his memories…

Title… ability… goal…

Shi Yu felt that he had obtained a lot of useful information. Wait a minute, if all the analysis was correct, could it be that the other party also wanted to transmigrate back to the last era and find his lost experience??

Shi Yu felt that he was getting closer to the truth.

As for what the World King wanted to do himself, could it be to change the idea of the sixth cosmic life form and make her give up transmigrating to return to the last era?

“This is a possibility, and another possibility. The Super Empress captured the Time Sprite to break through.”

“Emperor Shi seemed to have said previously that every cosmic level is expert in spatial and spatial stats.”

“This Super Empress has only displayed powerful psychic power now. Although she might have other abilities, but she hasn’t displayed them, is there a possibility that she captured the Time Sprite just like the Space Worm? In order to devour them, she made her spatial attainments stronger and then reached the cosmic level.’

“Before capturing the Time Sprite, it wasn’t at the cosmic level. After capturing the Time Sprite, it was at the cosmic level. It doesn’t make sense to say that there’s no connection.”

“Therefore, the other party might not necessarily want to transmigrate, but it’s also possible that he purely wants to break through to the cosmic level.”

“Damn it, both theories make sense. What exactly is the truth?” Shi Yu t s head exploded.

[The problem now is why the cosmic overlord said that the sixth cosmic life form did something unforgivable.]

[Capturing a Time Sprite. Is breaking through to the cosmic level an unforgivable thing? No, the cosmic overlord seems to be looking forward to a new cosmic level expert challenging him.]

[Is it unforgivable to transmigrate with the power of the Time Sprite?]

[It doesn’t feel like it either. At least, the World King took the initiative to letme transmigrate to change some things. If transmigration is such a big taboo,as a supreme cosmic level, the World King shouldn’t help me transmigrate.]

[From these two perspectives, the two guesses just now have beeneliminated…]

[I’m still lacking some important information, information I don’t know..]