Chapter 1753 - Chapter 1753: Information Of The Sixth Cosmic Life Form(4)

Chapter 1753: Information of the Sixth Cosmic Life Form(4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“It came to Blue Planet… It’s still the same as the Abyss Evil God and the cosmic behemoth. It’s also an accident!”

“Blue Planet is a popular hot topic. It might be related to the fact that Blue Planet is at a critical stage of breaking through to a high-level planet at this time… causing it to be especially dazzling in the universe.”

“However, unlike the Abyss Evil God and the cosmic behemoth, it does know more.”

“It once passed by a star field on its journey. In that star field, an expert issued a bounty to find information about the Time Sprite with the ‘Universe

Treasure of the Era’ as a reward.”

“As long as you provide accurate information about the Time Sprite, you can obtain a cosmic treasure.’

“Initially, Fei Lang didn’t think much of it, but after arriving at Blue Planet by accident, it didn’t expect that it would really discover the information about the Time Sprite.”

“However, according to Fei Langs memories, it didn’t seem to be prepared to exchange the information of the Time Sprite for a bounty. Instead, it had the thought of devouring the Time Sprite itself.”

Shi Yu said, “So, could this be the reason why Qi accidentally escaped capture??”

“Originally, it only wanted information, but this guy actually wanted to

capture it…”

Qi: “Fortunately, this guy wanted to eat me. Otherwise, I would be finished!”

Qi heaved a sigh of relief. So, this little idea of the Space Worm was still the key to saving Qi?

If this worm transmitted the information of Blue Planet to that expert suspected to be at the sixth cosmic level and the other party came personally, Qi might not be able to escape.

After all, according to the World King, at least there was only one Time Sprite left in the space they were in.

Susu said, “The key, the key is that the expert in its memory isn’t at the cosmic level.’

“There’s no information about the sixth cosmic life form in the memories of these three guys.”

“At the moment, there are only five cosmic levels in this universe. The expert who searched for the Time Sprite is nameless and surnameless, but Fei Lang can confirm her strength. She’s at the peak of the super divine level and transcends ten times. Because someone once coveted a cosmic treasure and was killed by her, she displayed her strength once.”

“The main ability method she displayed is Psychokinesis.”

Although this information was not much, it made Shi Yu and the others fall silent in the sealed space for a long time.

“Could this guy carrying out the Time Sprite information bounty be the sixth cosmic level in the future?”

“She’s really only a super divine now… She’s not at the cosmic level. Then, the chances of completing the mission are very high. Therefore, next, it’s time to set sail to the star domain in the memories of the empress of the worms and to the planet occupied by the future cosmic level to try to get close to her…” “There’s another message,” Ling said.

At this moment, everyone had already shared the useful memories of the Worm Empress.

Ling said, “Although the peak of the super divine level isn’t as rare as the cosmic level, there are also a few in the universe. There won’t be more than 20. Generally speaking, the growth experiences of these peak super divine levels are very dazzling. It’s impossible for them to all grow to the peak of the super divine level and still be unknown.”

“However, according to this guy’s memories, this guy suspected to be at the sixth cosmic life form in the future seems to have suddenly appeared and occupied a certain territory.”

“Before this, there were legends of her in the Behemoth Empire, the

Contaminated Land, the overlord territory, the Cosmic Sea, and the Worm Mother Nest. She seemed to have suddenly appeared from a stone. If she was just a weak super divine, that would be understandable. But at the peak of the super divine level, it’s not too much to say that she’s in the top ten of the universe…”

“Don’t you think it’s strange that such a person suddenly appeared without anyone hearing about her before?”

Shi Yu said, “So I understand what you mean.”

“The World King previously said… that I have two conditions that others don’t have. One of them is that I’m a transmigrator.”

“I was wondering if it was because it was easier to use the Time Sprite to transmigrate through space and time because of transmigrators, but from the looks of it, according to the previous hint of the World King, there’s more than one transmigrator in the universe. Could this guy also be a transmigrator?”

“Moreover, like Beast Shi Yu, she suddenly came out of the ‘stone’ and transmigrated. Therefore, there was no information about her previously..”