Chapter 1756 - Chapter 1756: Super Empress (3)

Chapter 1756: Super Empress (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hello.”

“To enter Morning Star, you have to pay ten divine-level energy crystals as a pass fee. Apart from that, you also have to register your intention.”

Crack.

Shi Yu got down from the battleship and smiled. He welcomed the young man |in charge and said, “Brother, I’m the owner of this battleship. Can I ask you |more questions?”Shi Yu took out 15 divine-level energy crystals and handed them to the other party. The young man frowned and said, “Just ask directly. What do you mean?”

“Do you think I’m that kind of person without organization or discipline?” “l think so,” Shi Yu said seriously.

“You’re really good at judging people.” The young man quickly changed his expression and took the crystal with a smile. “Brother, from the looks of it, you just came to the Hundred Flowers Star Domain, right?”

“Just ask me if you have anything to ask. I’m a local of Morning Star. If you need anything, I can be your guide the whole time. I’ll get my colleague to help me take over…

“Oh right, my name is Zhang Gui. Just call me Little Zhang.”

Seeing Shi Yu so generous, Zhang Gui understood that Shi Yu must have come from the Cosmic Sea and was the heir of a large faction. Look, this beautiful and luxurious battleship, look, the aura of a dragon among men, look… this thick wallet.

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “Before I came, I heard that entering

Morning Star wasn’t that troublesome…”

Zhang Gui said, “Didn’t Her Majesty completely unify Morning Star? Many things have to be done according to the rules. It’s also a good thing. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to obtain such a good job. After working for ten years, most of the resources after the divine level can be solved.”

“Her Majesty??” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Could it be that mysterious expert who appeared in the Hundred Flowers Star

Domain…”

“That’s right. After Her Majesty unified the Hundred Flowers Star Domain, she allowed outsiders to call her the super empress. She even established her own direct army, the Hundred Flowers Army. Now, almost all the experts in the Hundred Flowers Star Domain are working for the Super Empress.”

“There’s even a super divine expert who joined the Hundred Flower Army and became a general under the Super Empress.”

Shi Yu was surprised. The other party had yet to do these things before the worm left the Hundred Flowers Star Domain. It looked like it had made a decision after leaving.

Could this expert who called herself the Super Empress be that sixth cosmic life form?

“l wonder why Brother came to Morning Star,” Zhang Gui asked.

Shi Yu asked, “Why are these people here?”

He was referring to the battleships that entered Morning Star one after another.

Zhang Gui said, “Some of these people are here for the bounty, while others are here to join the Hundred Flower Army…”

“The reward for the Time Sprite??” Shi Yu asked.

“Partly!” Zhang Gui said. “Brother, let me remind you. If you don’t have concrete information about the Time Sprite, don’t lie for greed. The consequences will be very tragic…”

“During this period, many people lied about the information of the Time Sprite in order to reward them. They all died on Morning Star.”

Shi Yu said, “No, no… The Time Sprites are so rare that you can’t find many in the entire universe. I’m not that lucky to know their traces.”

“l actually ran away from home and wanted to travel outside. After hearing that a mysterious expert had appeared in the Hundred Flowers Star Domain, I wanted to see if 1 could become a disciple or something.”

Zhang Gui’s expression turned cold. He said nervously, “Brother, stop thinking about it.”

He said telepathically, “Her Majesty is cold and heartless. The few times she appeared, she killed the enemy. Until now, I’ve never heard of Her Majesty having any trusted aides…”

“Even the secretary who often accompanys her and deals with her affairs has never been treated well.’

“Well… It’s said that even that super divine expert who relied on the Super Empress couldn’t even see the Super Empress.”

“So terrifying.” Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat.

Damn.

World King tricked him.

Shi Yu thought that the sixth cosmic life form at this stage was easier to talk to, so the World King sent him over and let him have fun.

In the end, why did it still sound like a villain character who killed without blinking?

“Cough, cough, I was just daydreaming.”

“l heard that the Super Empress is at the peak of the super divine level. Even if she just joins the Hundred Flower Army, I feel that her future is limitless,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes, the Hundred Flowers Army has just started, but I believe that in the future, the Hundred Flowers Army will definitely be a super army famous in the universe!”

“If you join now, you’ll be an elder!”

“However, if you want to join the Hundred Flower Army, you probably have to at least have divine-level strength now. Moreover, you can still only start from the bottom, unless…

“Unless what?” Shi Yu asked.

Zhang Gui said, “Unless there are other talents. At the moment, the Hundred Flowers Army is very generous to a type of talent. As long as you have archeological talent, you can immediately occupy a high position after joining the Hundred Flowers Army.”

Archeologist!

Archeologist again!

This Hundred Flower Army also valued archeologists like the cosmic overlord army?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. So, the Super Empress was very interested in the last era??

She was certain that he was also a transmigrator from the last era.

This made Shi Yu even more certain of his identity as a transmigrator at the sixth universe level.

“If it’s a powerful archeologist, can he become a higher-up of the Hundred Flowers Army?” Shi Yu asked.

In his opinion, if he wanted to come into contact with the sixth cosmic life form, he had to first become a higher-up of the Hundred Flower Army..