Chapter 1751 - Chapter 1751: Information Of The Sixth Cosmic Life Form (2)

Chapter 1751: Information of the Sixth Cosmic Life Form (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Compared to the Time Sprite in their memories, there was something wrong.

“You’re too weak and not worth my time, but 1 can’t forgive you for invading

my friend’s home. (Susu, please!)” Qi put away the umbrella and said.

“Ning…” With a sigh, the power of the Sea of Stars converged. Countless Sea of

Stars fluctuations instantly appeared around the abyss super divine that had just been flipped over. In the blink of an eye, under everyone’s incomprehensible gazes, the incomparably terrifying abyss super divine let out a shocking scream.

“Ah!!!!”

Its scream was especially miserable. In the blink of an eye, the Abyss Evil God with the rich pollution power was directly cleansed of the abyss power on its body. Moreover, even the power on its body continued to be cleansed.

After a shocking scream, the Abyss Evil God that had just made the entire Eastern Sea Region feel like it was facing a great enemy directly turned into a quasi-divine-level huge water-element octopus and stopped on the ocean in a daze.

Under Susu!s power, not only it, but even the Western Sea Region that had already become the Abyss Sea had been completely cleansed.

The Blue Planet life forms infected by the power of the abyss returned to normal.

“No!!!” Somewhere in the west, a certain turtle that had just overcome and defeated the power of the abyss and obtained powerful battle power revealed an unacceptable expression. It had just experienced pain and despair to subdue the power of the abyss, but it was instantly deprived, making it feel stunned.

It was the Xuan Ming Crocodile Turtle that used the Abyss Seed as a prize in the World Tournament…

“Roar!!!” There were also evil dragons on the volcano island who looked at the receding seawater with lingering fears. They made a great wish in their hearts. They had to become the overlord of the earth, the Earth Divine Dragon, and not be threatened by the sea anymore.

At this moment, this shocking change shocked all the creatures on Blue Planet.

The experts everywhere could feel the aura of the Abyss Evil God disappear almost instantly.

“Space-time seal!” In the sky, accompanied by Qi’s action of putting away the umbrella, countless runes appeared and flowed. An alternate space sealed the Abyss Evil God inside. With a desperate cry, its figure disappeared without a trace. A super divine monster at the level of life was subdued just like that.

“How is it?” Qi looked at the Cherry Divine Dragon.

On an island, in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, countless pets looked at Qi and could only think Qi was impressive.

“Quack! In the Beast Taming Space, Duckie sighed. Unfortunately, it couldn’t “Roar! Little Ji also felt that it was a pity that it couldn’t fight.

This couldn’t be helped. It was true that Blue Planet’s galaxy couldn’t withstand the torment anymore.

Although Shi Yu wanted to train every pet, he couldn’t build it on the pain of the Blue Planet’s Will, right?

It was better to find an opportunity in the universe.

“Qi, you…” The Cherry Divine Dragon looked at Qi in a daze.

“Little Cherry, let’s catch up when we have the chance. I suddenly realized that the super divine life form of the Space Worm Race has also descended on Blue Planet.’

“l have to deal with it too,” Qi said.

“Don’t worry, with us around, the invaders of Blue Planet will all be eliminated!”

With that said, Qi teleported away under the silent gazes of the Cherry Divine Dragon, the Ancestral Dragon, and the other powerful life forms.

“What is it?”

At that moment, the Worm Empress, who had just torn open a spatial crack and arrived at Blue Planet, was also shocked.

She had a beautiful humanoid body, and her very thin body was mostly milky white, looking like a cockroach.

Behind the slender body were organs that looked like long hair. Every end of those hair-like organs was like a white Nepenthes hybrida, dripping with mucus.

Before the Worm Empress descended, she sensed that Blue Planet had at least one super divine level, which was the Abyss Evil God. She couldn’t sense the other super divine level cosmic behemoth in the cosmic hole.

However, just as it descended, the Worm Empress realized that she couldn’t even sense the aura of the Abyss Evil God at this moment. This made her have a bad feeling.

But soon, the Worm Empress was attracted by the life in front of her. After descending to the desolate land, she immediately saw an alluring ginseng baby boiling itself in a huge cauldron that was burning, emitting a beautiful aura that was enough to heal the entire planet.

“This is…” At this moment, the Worm Empress couldn’t even care less about any changes. She stared at Baby Ginseng intently and felt that it was the most beautiful thing on this planet apart from the Time Sprite.

She had a feeling that after eating this guy, she would definitely be able to give birth to a very, very strong worm king with the strength of an epoch god…

The moment she saw Baby Ginseng, she even thought of the child’s name. “Yi! (Do you want to eat me?)” In the cauldron, Baby Ginseng suddenly opened its eyes and looked at the super divine cockroach woman in front of it.

Its gaze flickered with a sharp gaze, and then it sighed.

This was because Shi Yu’s figure had already appeared behind the Worm Empress. At this moment, he was holding a stick and suddenly swung it at the Worm Empress’s head without her reacting.

Bang!!!

The head of the Worm Empress was directly smashed. Then, right on the heels of that, Buggy, Chi Tong, Ling, and the others also used spatial abilities to seal the Worm Empress together.

“Baby Ginseng, don’t mess around.”

“If you want to self-destruct and fight a super divine on Blue Planet, I don’t know if it’ll die, but your Blue Planet mother will definitely be gone.”

“Yi! ! (l know my limits!)” Baby Ginseng wu wu. Damn it, it was the only one in the first team now who wasn’t an epoch god.. Why was it so difficult to find a super divine level opponent?