Chapter 1763 - Chapter 1763: Path To The Universe (3)

Chapter 1763: Path to the Universe (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

[Master, the Universe Tree is a cosmic-level treasure born naturally in the universe.]

[Although it’s called a tree, it’s not alive.]

[The cosmic treasures born naturally in the universe are also divided into levels. For example, the source of transcendence is the lowest-level cosmic-level resource, while the cosmic tree is a relatively powerful cosmic-level resource.]

[It’s said that the Universe Tree records all the information about a cosmic era from birth to destruction. Through the Universe Tree, one can be omniscient and know everything that happens in the universe.] [It contains unbelievable spatial power…]

[Why haven’t I heard of such a thing?] Shi Yu asked.

Ling said telepathically, [Because in the timeline we’re in, the cosmic tree has long been destroyed for unknown reasons. Just like the sixth cosmic life form, traces of its existence have almost been lost in the long river of history.]

[After I came here, I combined the information here with the information on our side and updated the information.]

Shi Yu looked at Secretary Lily and said, “Of course.”

“That’s easy. I won’t tell ordinary people about this secret. Apart from being an encyclopedia, the Universe Tree has another effect, which is its power. It can increase super divine level resources to the cosmic level the day after tomorrow.”

“Although it will cause a certain amount of damage to it, well… this is also the only way I know to quickly upgrade this fruit to the universe level.’

“You mean that next, you’re going to find the Universe Tree and use its power to increase the level of the Reincarnation Fruit again??”

“Wrong, it’s not me, it’s you.” Secretary Lily smiled and said, “You should still have time. Do you want to take a look?”

[Master, this Universe Tree grows in the Cosmic Sea. However, it belongs to the World King and is protected by the guardian at the peak of the super divine level under the World King. Anyone who has ill intentions towards the Universe Tree will be judged…]

“Do you think I can come into contact with the Universe Tree?” Shi Yu asked.

“You also said before that we can’t even defeat ordinary peak super divines…

That tree should have a guardian, right?”

Secretary Lily said, “Of course I know this, but I believe you have a way.”

There was a way… Of course.

They were sent by the World King. In fact, apart from the Space-time Jade, the World King had even prepared many support tools for them.

For example, the navigation energy of a battleship, or the token that represented the identity of a World King…

If he used that token, the guardian of the Universe Tree should be able to let him pass.

However, Shi Yu felt that Secretary Lily already knew that he was sent by the World King and was using him as a tool.

If he were to borrow the power of the Universe Tree, the guardian over there might not stop him. However, if it were her and the Super Empress borrowing the power of the Universe Tree, there would definitely be a conflict with the World King.

In order to avoid rashness, this guy planned to let him go?

According to normal history, could it be that the destruction of the Universe Tree was also done by the Super Empress?

“Actually, it’s still worth going.” Secretary Lily smiled and said, “The Universe Tree is known to be omniscient and omnipotent. Don’t you want to use this opportunity to ask it some questions?”

“If you miss this opportunity, you won’t have another chance.”

This guy definitely knew his relationship with the World King! He even knew that the Universe Tree would be destroyed in the future!

Shi Yu took a deep breath and said, “It’s still a little dangerous.”

“Since you’re so worried, why don’t I go with you?” Secretary Lily said. “I’ll go to the Universe Tree with you. Are you relieved?”

“If there’s danger, the two of us will bear it together. Although I’m only a weak woman, Her Majesty left a protective technique on me. If we encounter danger,

Her Majesty will definitely come to save us.”

“The Super Empress… isn’t back yet??”

“No. There aren’t many Time Sprites in the universe, nor are there many. It’s not easy to catch these little guys. If we don’t want them to escape, Her Majesty can only do it herself. I reckon… she has something to catch.”

“If you want to see her, cooperate with me obediently and complete the upgrade of the Reincarnation Fruit together. At that time, I’ll help you contact Her Majesty.”

Shi Yu was silent for a moment before saying, “Alright, let’s go together.”

Next, Shi Yu didn’t know why he had inexplicably formed a party up with this secretary named Lily.

After this guy boarded Shi Yu’s battleship, he said very familiarly, “When we reach the cosmic tree, what do you want to ask?”

“This…” Shi Yu thought to himself. He wanted to ask the cosmic tree who it was.

“I want to ask about the method to break through to the cosmic level,” Shi Yu casually chose a topic and said perfunctorily.

“This isn’t a question that can only be answered by the Universe Tree. I can tell you,” Secretary Lily said happily.

“Hm?”

“As long as the most instinctive ability of the race is developed to the extreme, it will be at the cosmic level. At the moment, the five major cosmic levels of the universe and starry sky have all become cosmic levels like this.”

“The World King is a planetary life form. Whether a planetary life form becomes a super divine or a cosmic level, they are all unique races. They just need to directly absorb the power of the universe.”

“The World King is considered one of the top five stars with talent potential in this cosmic era. It’s not strange for it to become a cosmic level..”