Chapter 1760 - Chapter 1760: Key To Breaking Through (3)

Chapter 1760: Key to Breaking Through (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“However, although she forgot everything, she often cried for no reason. She felt that she had something to remember, so she started a trip to find her identity.”

“During this process, she understood. She was a transmigrator from the previous era, but she successfully transmigrated. She also paid a huge price, which was to forget everything. After the Super Empress tried various ways to recover her memories and failed, she finally chose a path of no return, which was to capture the Time Sprite, hoping to use the power of the Time Sprite to return to the previous era.”

Secretary Lily said, “In this way, can I solve your doubts?”

“No…” Shi Yu said, “If that’s all, as the secretary of the Super Empress, why don’t you agree with her? If it were me, I would definitely be willing to help her.”

Lily said, “Of course not, because if she successfully transmigrates, this universe will be completely destroyed.”

“I thought you could know more. Don’t you know some of the taboos that exist in transmigrating space and time?”

Shi Yu shook his head.

“The evil consequences of casually playing with space and time are unimaginable. At best, it will reduce the lifespan of the universe and cause the universe to end in advance. At worst, it will cause the universe to be directly destroyed. This shouldn’t be the first time you’ve transmigrated through space and time, but you weren’t punished. This might also be related to your weak strength.”

“It might also be related to the year you transmigrated and the smaller change in the history of the universe.”

“Otherwise, some supreme experts would definitely have attacked you long ago. ”

“But Her Majesty is different. Her power is unimaginable. Once her transmigration succeeds, the only path waiting for this cosmic era is destruction. She will definitely exhaust all the power of this universe before she can complete her transmigration.”

“It’s not just me. I’m afraid the other five cosmic levels won’t sit back and do nothing either.” Lily looked at Shi Yu and said, “Could you have been sent here by a certain cosmic level?”

“Looks like the other party didn’t tell you anything. She probably paid a considerable price to let you transmigrate.”

Shi Yu was silent. Why did he feel that this woman knew everything?

However, Shi Yu now knew that what the World King wanted to do himself was to change the idea of the Super Empress transmigrating to the last era.

Son of a b*tch, was it that serious to transmigrate to the last era??

To be honest, Shi Yu also had the intention of transmigrating to the last era to play. If the five cosmic levels knew, would he also be imprisoned..

Ah, no, the strength of the sixth universe level was powerful and couldn’t be killed. It could only be sealed, but he… was probably directly crushed to death.

Transmigrating through space and time… So there were hidden dangers. However, even so, the World King directly sent him to this space and time. This meant that the hidden dangers of the sixth cosmic life form insisting on transmigrating through space and time were much greater than his transmigration this time. It was something the universe couldn’t withstand, causing the World King to have no choice but to make a choice.

The sixth cosmic life form might be very, very strong, with strength comparable to a cosmic overlord. Otherwise, how could the combination of a cosmic overlord and a world king only seal her and not kill her?

The World King probably didn’t want to cause a cosmic war, nor did he want the Super Empress to achieve her ambition.

As for cosmic overlords… they were probably tired of living. Previously, they still cared about the lifespan of the universe and cooperated with the World

King, but now, they didn’t care. It didn’t matter even if a cosmic war happened.

Probably this time, the World King and the cosmic overlord couldn’t cooperate.

Therefore, how was the current strength of this Super Empress? Shi Yu felt that the peak of the super divine level was a little unreliable.

“I don’t agree with her approach, so I’m looking for other ways to help Her Majesty recover her memories, such as what I’m doing now,” she said. “However, I also know that the chances aren’t high.”

“So next, are you going to cooperate with me to study the Reincarnation Fruit, or are you determined to stop Her Majesty?”

“If you choose the latter, you’re also a transmigrator from the last era like her. Perhaps she’ll let you die faster,” Lady Lily said.

“Can you not casually say such a terrifying thing?” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “Lady Lily, can I believe you?”

“I’ll cooperate with you to study the Reincarnation Fruit first. It shouldn’t be long before I can nurture a Level 11 Reincarnation Fruit,” Shi Yu said.

“That’s good.” Secretary Lily smiled and said, “Well, Her Majesty has marked to go to the World King Planet to hunt the Time Sprite. She might not be back for a while. During this period of time, you should stay on Morning Star well. If you need anything, you can look for me.”

“Of course, if you want to choose to escape, do it as soon as possible.” Then, Shi Yu left with a heavy mood. Shi Yu’s pets were all in a heavy mood. “Shi Yu, sob, sob, let’s escape…” Qi said, “Let’s go back ‘

“So scary, but it seems that after returning, I still can’t escape the fate of being hunted…”

Shi Yu said, “Let’s wait a while and take a gamble. Let’s see if we can persuade the sixth cosmic life form. F*ck, I also want to transmigrate back to the archeological era of the last era. Let’s see if we can be partners with her.

Although this might offend the World King or something, at least choose like this first. Our safety is most likely guaranteed…”

“As long as we surrender quickly, the Super Empress won’t kill us.”

The pets: ‘Q”

Eleven, Bu Lu, and the other pets were speechless. So the World King sent them back and they even defected to the enemy?

“It’s mainly because this Super Empress sounds more similar to me.”

“We might be able to think of a way to transmigrate back to the last era, but we won’t let the universe be destroyed.”

At the same time.

Secretary Lily watched Shi Yu leave and fell into deep thought for a long time. “Why does this guy give me a very familiar feeling? Perhaps…”

“He can be the key to breaking out of the situation..”