Chapter 1766 - Chapter 1766: Super Empress Appears (2)

Chapter 1766: Super Empress Appears (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The God of Fertility said, “Sure, but searching the memories of the universe through the cosmic tree will also consume a large amount of the cosmic tree’s power.”

“The number of questions you can ask will depend on the state of the cosmic tree after increasing the level of the resource.”

“Alright, I understand.”

“Next, can I head to the core of the cosmic tree?” Shi Yu asked.

“You can, but she can’t.” The Universe Tree Guardian looked at Secretary Lily. “Alright, I don’t have any intention of going in anyvvay,” Secretary Lily said.

“Then, I’ll leave everything to you.” She smiled at Shi Yu.

This guy was really not liked… Shi Yu sighed and chose to follow the footsteps of the Universe Tree Guardian into the depths of the Universe Tree.

In the world that was like a blue crystal palace, Shi Yu stepped in with the God of Fertility. The God of Fertility said, “Just place the resources you want to increase your quality in the center.”

After entering, Shi Yu discovered a blue tree stump that looked like it had been half cut off in the center.

“Is that all?” Next, Shi Yu took out the Reincarnation Fruit and placed it on the tree stump.

“Yes.” Seeing that Shi Yu was ready, the Space Tree Guardian walked in front of the tree stump and stretched out its hand.

In the next moment, a special power surged out of its body and was released to the root of the tree stump. Right on the heels of that, the entire cosmic tree stump lit up.

Then, the powerful power of space and time in the universe bloomed and shot into the sky from the cosmic tree root, turning into a blue pillar of light that connected the sky and the ground.

The Reincarnation Fruit was wrapped in this pillar of light, as if it was experiencing the baptism of the entire universe.

In the outside world.

Lily stood in the sea of trees and looked at the lit sea of trees. The same luster was reflected in her eyes. She stretched out her hand and let the starlight sprinkle down.

“I hope it can succeed..

Although she sensed the birth of a treasure that was enough to cause a storm of blood in the entire universe, her tone was still filled with uncertainty.

Boom!!!

It didn’t take long for the energy fluctuations on the Reincarnation Fruit created by Baby Ginseng to suddenly become incomparably deep under Shi Yu’s witness, containing a power source that even Baby Ginseng couldn’t spy on.

This feeling was just like them staring at the source of transcendence. They only knew that this thing was very good and was very valuable to them after fusing, but they couldn’t spy on the essence of its power.

“That’s it?” As the pillar of light slowly dissipated, even the surroundings became much dimmer than before. Shi Yu asked the God of Fertility, who had stopped what he was doing.

“Well, the cosmic tree can only do this much,” the God of Fertility said.

“Alright, you can take away your resources.”

“As for you wanting to search for cosmic memories, just touch it with your hand. As long as the cosmic tree knows what you’re thinking, you can search for it.

“However, I can sense that the cosmic tree has already consumed a lot of strength. There aren’t many questions you can ask anymore.”

“Treasure this opportunity.”

“Alright, thank you,” Shi Yu said. “Then I’ll start.”

Shi Yu first took away the Reincarnation Fruit and touched the cosmic tree according to the other party’s teaching.

In the next second, Shi Yu seemed to have connected his consciousness to the entire universe. This feeling was similar to him listening to ruins through the Sound of History. It was as if he was checking the previous historical scene through a special ability.

Damn.

The Universe Tree was simply a treasure in the archeological world.

Why was such a good thing destroyed in this space and time?

With it, there was no need to spend any effort to do archeology. He just had to directly connect to its consciousness and search for history.

Which bastard destroyed such a good thing?

Super Empress? Huh?

In his sea of consciousness, in order to not miss this opportunity, Shi Yu first searched for one of the questions he wanted to know the most.

[Lily’s identity.]

Secretary Lily’s figure appeared in Shi Yu’s mind, but the cosmic tree didn’t respond to him for a long time.

It was as if it had died and didn’t know this question.

[Is the search method wrong?]

Shi Yu changed his search method. [How many transmigrators from the last era are there in this cosmic era?]

“Trash, this is the tree of all knowledge?” Shi Yu was angry.

However, he also understood that this might be a little out of the scope.

The Universe Tree was a treasure condensed from the power of this era in the universe. It only recorded the history of this era. With the influence of the previous era, it was understandable that it didn’t know.

However, why couldn’t he find Lily either?

Could it be that this guy was also a transmigrator from the last era?

Otherwise, why would he be so close to the Super Empress?

In fact… she was the Super Empress herself??

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat because Lily was too mysterious.

However, this was unrealistic. It was mainly because the difference between Lily and the sixth cosmic life form he understood was too big.

[I want to know…]

Shi Yu looked at the cosmic tree and asked again. This time, the cosmic tree finally knew and gave Shi Yu an answer. However, before Shi Yu could be happy for two seconds, he seemed to have been kicked out of his sea of consciousness and opened his eyes in the outside world in a daze.

“The state of the cosmic tree has already fallen severely and is about to enter a sleeping state. This is the end. I hope you obtained the answer you wanted,” the cosmic tree guardian said..