Chapter 1764 - Chapter 1764: Path To The Universe (4)

Chapter 1764: Path to the Universe (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“What about the other four stars?” Shi Yu asked.

“In theory, the other four stars have better aptitudes than the World King Planet. The four of them originally had hope of reaching the cosmos level faster than the World King, but what could they do? It was precisely because their aptitudes were good enough that they were targeted by the Beastmaster.”

“Beastmasters, as the Cosmic Behemoth Race, the most instinctive ability of their race is to devour planets, so you understand, right? The other four stars have already become the Beastmaster’s meal.”

“Originally, the World King should have been devoured by the Beastmaster, but what could it do? Even after devouring four of the most talented stars, the Beastmaster still couldn’t advance, so the Beastmaster judged that it could only advance perfectly after devouring the cosmic stars.”

“Therefore, it began to assist the World King in breaking through and didn’t attack again. Until the World King completed the breakthrough and became a cosmic star, the Beastmaster began to invade the World King Planet.”

“I have to say that this Beastmaster is very powerful. Although it was killed by a World King who advanced to the cosmic level and its life was on the line, under its long plan, it still successfully swallowed a portion of the power of the World King Planet in the end. Then, it reincarnated elsewhere and completed its advancement after recuperating for a long time.”

“There’s also the Dark King . It’s even simpler. It’s the embodiment of the polluted matter in the universe. The most instinctive talent of races is that the more lives and areas polluted, the stronger its own strength.”

“After it occupied most of the territories in the universe and created countless pollution races, it naturally completed its breakthrough.’

“Well, there’s also the queen of the Worm Mother Nest. As a Space Worm, her most instinctive talent is relatively similar to the cosmic Behemoth. However, the cosmic behemoth devours planets, while it devours normal lives.”

“In the beginning, there were countless powerful races in this universe. The cosmic behemoth wasn’t the race with the strongest overall stats, but now, these races have already been extinct, and the reason for their extinction is because they were all devoured by the Worm Queen.”

“As the strongest mutated individual among the mutated worms, the Worm

Queen gathered the best genes in the entire universe and completed the optimization of its genes, breaking through to the cosmic level…”

“Of course, the premise of completing all of this is to have a good foundation. Otherwise, even if you obtain the opportunity to break through to the cosmos level, you will still be in a bottleneck and regret it for the rest of your life. You should understand what the foundation I’m talking about is, right? For example… when you become a super divine level, you have to fuse with the purest source of transcendence, not the source of transcendence that has already been branded by others. The latter, even if the foundation isn’t good.” “What about the cosmic overlord?” Shi Yu asked.

“As the strongest individual in the universe, how did it break through to the cosmic level? What’s its racial ability?”

“A cosmic overlord…” Secretary Lily said, “Didn’t I tell you just now that at the start of the universe, there were many unique races… They were even stronger than the cosmic behemoth race.”

“These races are actually even more terrifying. Like planetary life forms, there aren’t many restrictions if they want to break through to the super divine level or the cosmos level. What they lack is time.”

“It’s not too much to say that they’re ‘cosmic races’. As long as they grow up naturally, there’s hope of them reaching the cosmic level.”

“Unfortunately, although this batch of powerful races was born strong, their growth path wasn’t smooth. Just like what I said just now, most of them died in the mouths of the Worm Queen and became nutrients for others.”

“As for the cosmic overlord, Cypos, it’s considered the only one among this batch of powerful cosmic races who has survived until now. Even among those powerful cosmic races, it’s the most talented. The path it took to break through to the cosmic level can be said to be a legend, an invincible legend. Other races can’t imitate it.”

After Secretary Lily finished speaking, she continued to add, “Therefore, if you want to break through to the cosmic level, you naturally have to develop your racial abilities to the limit. Here, if you successfully contract a cosmic level above your level, you should be able to break through, right?”

Lily said the same conclusion as the Prediction Owl and the others. She even said a lot of information that the astrologers didn’t know and displayed knowledge that didn’t match her identity again.

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu asked, “Miss Lily, who exactly are you?”

Lily smiled and said, “I’ve already told you. I’m just a miserable tool. Her

Majesty only told me this.”

“When Her Majesty just started to wake up and search for her memories, she was unfamiliar with this starry sky. I helped her a lot and explored many ruins with her. I also gave her many ideas. It’s also thanks to me that I helped her a lot before she became like this. Otherwise, how many people like me who want to stop her plan wouldn’t be enough for her to kill…”

“Alright, the message just now is my reward for asking you to be busy for so long. How is it? Did it solve some of the doubts in your heart?”

Shi Yu’s heart turned solemn. Was this the only way to break through to the cosmic level?

It was… simpler than he imagined, but also difficult.

Then, if Eleven, Buggy, and the others wanted to break through to the cosmic level, they had to develop their primitive racial abilities to the extreme?

Eleven was an Iron-eating Beast… So, it had to rely on eating metal to reach the cosmic level?

However, what kind of metal was needed to support Eleven to reach the cosmic level? After all, when a Beastmaster broke through to the cosmic level, it ate the four most talented planetary life forms in this cosmic era and ate a mouthful of cosmic stars to complete the breakthrough.

Were there any metals that could match the quality of these planets?

If Buggy wanted to break through to the cosmic level, could it be… that it still had to transform into a cocoon and evolve again?

The most instinctive talent of the Green Silkworm was to transform into a cocoon and evolve. Although it couldn’t compare to the talent of those powerful races, this seemed to be the path most in line with Buggy’s own body. No wonder Buggy vaguely felt that if it wanted to go higher, it couldn’t imitate the Green Dragon. It turned out that if it wanted to reach the cosmic level, it had to develop the most primitive racial abilities..