Chapter 1765 - Chapter 1765: Super Empress Appears (1)

Chapter 1765: Super Empress Appears (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu was in a hurry. They sped along the path of the cosmic tree.

A few days later, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the forbidden land of the Cosmic Sea, the Tree Sea Realm.

“What’s going on with the environment here?”

Shi Yu and the others, who were still in the starry sky of the universe just now, seemed to have accidentally entered a forest maze without any warning.

Unknowingly, it was as if he had entered another space. There was a blue sea of clouds around him. Above the sea of clouds, special star-blue grass grew and fluttered with the wind of the starry sky.

“This is the location of the cosmic tree.’

Secretary Lily, who had chosen to rest on the battleship for a while, finally woke up. She came to Shi Yu, Ling, and the others and said, “The maintenance of the Universe Tree requires a large amount of cosmic power.”

“Therefore, in the environment it’s in, there won’t be any planets around, so naturally, there won’t be life. As time passed, this starless land evolved into such a strange environment.”

“Let’s go and find the Universe Tree,” Secretary Lily said. She teleported to the outside world before Shi Yu and the others.

“This guy…” Shi Yu said, “Let’s go too, Ling.”

“Alright.” As he spoke, Ling’s battleship body disappeared, turning into a smaller wrist guard that was worn on Shi Yu’s wrist.

Shi Yu, who was floating in the air, immediately followed Lily.

Shi Yu discovered that the place they were stepping on next should be a branch of the incomparably huge cosmic tree. The cosmic tree was connected to countless alternate spaces. Its entire body was even larger than a planet, andits entire appearance was very difficult to capture.

There was nothing special about this crystal-like branch, but this wasn’t what they were looking for. They wanted to go to the core of the Universe Tree, the core inside the tree.

Only by borrowing the power of that could he increase the quality of super divine resources…

Boom!!!

As the two of them went deeper, a terrifying pressure suddenly appeared in the invisible place. This pressure instantly made Shi Yu’s expression freeze.

With his current level of Level 14, it was still difficult for him to breathe in the face of this pressure. He felt that only by fusing with Beast Shi Yu could he barely resist it.

“Has it appeared?”

“The guardian of the cosmic tree, the God of Fertility.”

Secretary Lily wasn’t far from Shi Yu. She didn’t seem to be suppressed by this deterrence. She looked at the supreme void with a calm expression.

Crack.

In the starry sky, many green cubes suddenly appeared. These green cubes kept forming a spatial passage. Among them, a strange life form that looked like a knight wearing a gladiator’s helmet stepped out of the air. Its body was completely made of white and blue. Its body was like the trunk of a tree, its elbows were like blades, and its head was like a gladiator’s helmet.

“Outsider, tell me the purpose of your trip.”

After the guardian of the cosmic tree descended, its gaze landed on Shi Yu and Lily. It said, “If you accidentally entered, please leave immediately.”

“Of course not.” Miss Lily smiled and said, “We just plan to borrow the core power of the cosmic tree. May I?”

“I see. Another person coveting the power of the cosmic tree?”

“On the orders of the World King, I’m here to protect and kill all those who have ill intentions.” As the God of Fertility landed, countless starlight gathered at the edge of its hand, and a power that was fierce enough to pierce the Sea of Stars gathered.

“Kid, quickly think of a way.” Secretary Lily looked at Shi Yu.

However, Shi Yu was indifferent.

Aren’t you very powerful? Why don’t you settle it yourself? Shi Yu thought to himself.

Seeing that Shi Yu was indifferent, Lily glared at Shi Yu.

“Alright, Lord Protector, don’t be in a hurry to attack.” Lily made a surrender posture and said, “The World King asked us to come.”

The attack of the God of Fertility had always been accumulated and not activated because it couldn’t see through the woman in front of it.

Although it could tell at a glance that this white woman wasn’t human, even it, a peak super divine, couldn’t see through her main body and her strength.

This made the guardian of the Universe Tree very afraid.

It wasn’t that it was worried that it couldn’t stop the other party, but that an overly intense battle would damage the Universe Tree.

“Lord World King.”

“That’s right.” Lily looked at Shi Yu and said, “Hurry up.”

“Tsk, I’m looking again.” Shi Yu took out the token representing his identity as a world king that the World King had given him before he left as if he was rummaging through trash.

“Here, use this to prove your identity, right?”

The token Shi Yu took out was completely brown, like wood. A faint golden

light lingered. To be honest, Shi Yu and the others studied it for a long time but couldn’t figure out anything strange about this token.

However, after the guardian of the Universe Tree saw this token, the attack posture in its hand was restrained, and its expression gradually calmed down.

“World King Token, you have the qualifications to use the Universe Tree.”

“However, it can’t exceed the right to use it.”

“Great.” Secretary Lily looked happy and said, “I knew you were still useful. I’ll leave the rest to you.”

Shi Yu looked at Secretary Lily in silence. He felt that if he was useless, this woman might directly fight the guardian of the Universe Tree.

“I want to borrow the power of the Universe Tree to upgrade a super divine resource to a cosmic resource. Can I?”

The cosmic tree guardian said, “Only one.”

“I also want to search for some information recorded in the cosmic tree.. Can I?”