Chapter 1761 - Chapter 1761: Path To The Universe (1)

Chapter 1761: Path to the Universe (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Although his identity had been seen through, Shi Yu didn’t sense any danger for the time being, so he chose to stay.

“Ling, do you think that Lily’s words can be believed?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s worth believing. At least, we don’t have any other clues. No matter what this Lily’s goal is, she’s already the closest person to the Super Empress. If what she said is true, then she’s the only power we can rely on. The teammate most worth roping in is better than us fighting alone,” Ling said.

“So next, are we going to let Baby Ginseng break through to the epoch god?” Qi asked.

“Well, as long as Baby Ginseng breaks through to the epoch god and uses the power of the Time Fruit to erupt, we should be able to nurture a super divine level memory resource at a certain price.”

“Yiya…” Baby Ginseng scratched its head and felt a little pressured. Among the initial six pets, it wasn’t the epoch god anymore. However, it still needed its strength this time. Baby Ginseng immediately felt that it was a burden.

“Yi… (What should we do? Do we need to find a strong enemy to fight?)” Baby Ginseng asked.

“It’s not easy to find. Your increasingly inflated hearts make ordinary super divines unable to pressure you anymore. How can you have so much time to find suitable opponents? Choose other methods to train your willpower,” Shi Yu said.

“I’ve thought of letting Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and Bu Lu take turns being your opponent.”

“The former team champion can only be at the bottom now. He can’t even defeat the newbies.

“During the battle process, I’ll record a video. Then, after returning to World King Planet, I’ll publicize it.’

“It will also be thrown to Ancient Capital University to let those students and teachers who have attended classes with you see how the ginseng emperor, who has been studying hard, is like in the team now.”

“Baby Ginseng, you don’t want your supporters and fans of the ginseng emperor to know that the former number one in the team has already fallen to this state, right??”

“So… can you think of a way to break through yourself with the conditions already in the team for this mission?”

Baby Ginseng:

Baby Ginseng’s eyes widened.

Wasn’t this shameless?

It was just a little behind and would soon reach the epoch god level. Eleven and the others were only a year and a half earlier. What was there to compare?

As for doing such a ruthless job in the short period of time it was behind?

“Wuuu!!” Eleven and the others didn’t mind. As long as they could help Baby Ginseng, they were willing to help.

No matter how powerful Baby Ginseng was, the Anti-Teammate Energy Fruit couldn’t be very effective at the same level.

It could be said that its battle power was the worst among the few people Shi

Yu had named.

“Mi, Mi.” At this moment, Little Zi was also eager to give it a try. To be honest, it felt that its current strength wasn’t weaker than Baby Ginseng. It could also join it.

Although there was a high chance that it was second to last, at least it wasn’t last.

If it missed this opportunity to defeat Baby Ginseng, it would be difficult to find in the future.

It also wanted to be Baby Ginseng’s sparring partner.

“Yiya! At this moment, facing the covetous gazes of a group of teammates, Baby Ginseng was completely angry. An unconvinced mentality surged in its heart.

Ridiculous.

It was the previous first place…

Shi Yu and the others arrived in the starry sky and left Morning Star. He and Lily’s secretary agreed to meet after it produced the super divine level Reincarnation Fruit.

Therefore, Shi Yu and the others used the power of Buggy, Bu Lu, and the others to open up a Void Battlefield and start seclusion cultivation here.

It had to be said that Shi Yu knew training. His training method was undoubtedly the best effect for Baby Ginseng.

Although the opponent wasn’t a life-and-death strong enemy that had to be defeated and had an absolute reason to defeat it, Baby Ginseng, who had finally obtained first place in the team after countless hardships, had a rather proud heart.

It even made up his mind to protect the trump card throne in the team continuously.

However, after being controlled by Shi Yu, it was directly reduced to the bottom of the team. It lost to its teammates consecutively and didn’t have a chance to make a comeback… This stimulation was undoubtedly the greatest training for Baby Ginseng, who was still first in the team a second ago.

In comparison, facing three super divine invaders at the same time, Baby Ginseng might not be able to have such “certainty”.

This training method was only suitable for Baby Ginseng. It wasn’t very useful for pets like Little Ji, Duckie, and the others, because they were often at the bottom. No matter how much they were ravaged by the big brothers and sisters of the first team, they felt that it was nothing.

However, Baby Ginseng was different. It was the person who had won the strongest title… Therefore…

After Baby Ginseng lost to Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and Bu Lu more than 30 times, Baby Ginseng’s unwilling will finally reached its limit.

Break through under pressure and be reborn in adversity.

“Yi!! In the void, Eleven and the other pets were all forced back by the shocking aura erupting from the broken half radish in the center of the starry sky, revealing slightly serious expressions.

“Yi! ! ! ” Baby Ginseng was angry. Its Super Divine Will condensed. After being tortured by its teammates more than 30 times, its gaze was filled with unconvinced emotions. At this moment, it reached the extreme, and its heart that pursued invincibility was completely perfect.

Yiya, Yiya, Yiya. Facing super divine level opponents, it was only amused. Its ginseng baby’s wish and determination was to always suppress these guys and become the strongest among them..