Chapter 1767 - Chapter 1767: The Super Empress Appears (3)

Chapter 1767: The Super Empress Appears (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu patted his head and said, “Alright.. “Can I ask you a question?”

“Tell me,” the Universe Tree Guardian said.

“There are several possibilities for people or things that the cosmic tree doesn’t know.”

The God of Fertility said, “The cosmic tree was born with this universe when it was born. It knows nothing about the last era and the future.”

“The people or things it doesn’t know might involve the last era. 2, that is, these people or things involve the universe level.”

“The cosmic level already has the ability to erase its traces of existence and not be recorded in the universe.”

“Even the Universe Tree doesn’t have the right to spy on the other party’s experience.”

“Then does the cosmic level have the ability to erase the traces of the existence of others so that they can’t be recorded by the cosmic tree?”

“Yes,” the Universe Tree Guardian said. “The authority of the universe level is very powerful. If you want to know more, forgive me for being helpless, because I know nothing about the cosmic level either.”

Shi Yu nodded in silence.

“Alright, no problem,” Shi Yu said.

Then, Shi Yu was sent to the outside world by the God of Fertility. In the outside world, Secretary Lily was still waiting. When she saw Shi Yu come out, she said, “Have you succeeded?”

“Alright.”

“Then let’s go quickly. Her Majesty seems to have already captured the target and is returning to Morning Star,” Secretary Lily said. “If she discovers that I’ve neglected my duty and left my post, I’ll be unable to bear the consequences of failure.’

“Is that so?” Shi Yu revealed a suspicious gaze.

Then, after thanking the Universe Tree Guardian again, Shi Yu left the Tree Sea Realm with Lily and returned to the Hundred Flowers Star Domain.

The God of Fertility looked at their departing backs and fell into deep thought for a long time.

“Lord World King, is this enough?”

“It’s done.” A phantom appeared beside the God of Fertility. She looked at Shi Yu and the others’ departing figures and said, “Although I’m not sure of my future thoughts, this is already one of the few things we can do.”

“I hope Shi Yu… can change her mind…”

“Otherwise, if there are no corresponding results for this action of sending him back, ‘I’ might have to withstand a lot of pressure from the other four guys…” “There might be hope.”

“This power should have a huge impact even on the cosmic level.”

At this moment, on the battleship, Lily held the Reincarnation Fruit Shi Yu had handed her and was very satisfied with the effect of the upgraded Reincarnation Fruit.

“Sigh, it’s so slow.”

“Can you be faster?” Lily urged. “I can’t wait to return to Morning Star.”

“This is already the fastest speed,” Shi Yu said.

“There’s a faster way, but we can only teleport ourselves. I can’t guarantee that we can also quickly teleport you over there…”

“Seriously?” Lily looked conflicted.

“It’s over. Her Majesty seems to have already arrived at the Hundred Flowers

Star Domain. It’s over, it’s over.”

“Why did she return so quickly this time?”

“Really?” Shi Yu said. “Since you can sense her location, she should be able to sense your location too. You must have been discovered long ago for neglecting your duty.”

“What do you know?” Lily said. “I’m just a small figure who has the energy to pay attention to Her Majesty at all times. How can Her Majesty have the energy to pay attention to me at all times?”

“What do you know?” Lily said. “I’m just a small figure who has the energy to pay attention to Her Majesty at all times. How can Her Majesty have the energy to pay attention to me at all times?”

“Well, if this Reincarnation Fruit can have an effect, then everyone will be happy. If it still can’t work, then…”

“Then it’s still all for nothing??” Shi Yu asked.

Shi Yu was also envious of this cosmic-level Reincarnation Fruit. Now that he had taken it out and given it to the Super Empress, if it still didn’t work, it was better for him to eat it himself.

“In short, go back as soon as possible,” Lily said. “Next, little guy, stabilize yourself. I’ll provide you with some special energy that can help you accelerate…”

“Huh??” Before Ling could react, Secretary Lily had already taken out a blue gem and thrown it to the ground.

In the next moment, the gem fused into the battleship. Before Ling could even react, it felt that the power source had enlarged several times.

“Ahhhhhhhhh…”

Under Ling’s cry of surprise, the battleship that was originally almost the fastest in the universe displayed incomparable speed again. Not only was Ling a little “stunned”, but even Shi Yu, who had contracted Ling, sensed Ling’s mood and almost wanted to vomit.

“Ugh, what did you feed Ling?”

“Acceleration agent,” Lily’s secretary said.

After eating the acceleration potion, Ling’s speed was indeed much faster. In the blink of an eye, it arrived at the Hundred Flowers Star Domain. However, the current Ling was almost half crippled. It was similar to Buggy, who used the magnetic skill. It would probably have to rest for a long time to recover.

“This guy.” Ling was about to cry. They were both secretaries, so why make things difficult for it?

“Are you back?” Shi Yu gradually woke up after being dizzy.

“You’re back.” Lily looked out of the battleship and said, “However, it doesn’t seem to be the time.”

“What do you mean?”

After Shi Yu became more and more awake, he realized that he was outside Morning Star. At this moment, the outside of Morning Star was already in a mess.

The city in the sky where Shi Yu and the others had docked previously had already turned into ruins of the universe. Fragments floated in the starry sky..