Chapter 1762 - Chapter 1762: Path To The Universe (2)

Chapter 1762: Path to the Universe (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Therefore, Baby Ginseng became the first and only pet in the team to break through to the epoch god level due to the pressure of the team’s internal competition.

“Yiya!!!” After breaking through to the epoch god, Baby Ginseng’s battle power increased greatly, and the difference between it and pets like the epoch god Susu was infinitely smaller.

“Impressive, impressive.” However, what awaited Baby Ginseng wasn’t the revenge battle it was yearning for, but the even stronger and invincible Beast Shi Yu instantly pulled it up by the leaf.

Shi Yu said at the side, “You’ve finally broken through. Let’s fight when we get back. Let’s hurry up and nurture the Reincarnation Fruit first. Although you’ve broken through to the epoch god, it’s still not simple to nurture a super divine resource.”

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng’s expression turned bitter. It had just broken through to become a god of the invincible era. Why was it going to be a gardener in the blink of an eye?

“This is very important,” Shi Yu said. Not only was this the key to solving the cosmic battle, but this thing might also be what Shi Yu needed himself.

He had also forgotten a very important memory, but he was luckier than that Super Empress. The other party had forgotten all his memories, and he still remembered at least his experience at the mortal stage, so he wasn’t that hesitant.

About two months after Shi Yu and the others arrived at this space-time, Shi Yu and the others returned to Morning Star.

“Ah, we meet again. So you’ve completed the cultivation of super divine resources?”

Just as Shi Yu arrived outside the pavilion, a familiar voice came from inside. Secretary Lily walked out of the pavilion with her arms crossed and looked at Shi Yu in the sky.

Her exquisite face was filled with a smile, still so unfathomable.

Shi Yu slowly landed and said, “Yes, I didn’t disappoint you.”

After he landed, he took out a green and purple fruit that looked like a small pineapple with flowing light. “This… is it alright?”

Secretary Lily stretched out her hand, and the Reincarnation Fruit in Shi Yu’s hand slowly flew over. Shi Yu’s gaze focused because he couldn’t tell what power system the other party was using.

It wasn’t stats energy, nor was it the power of space and time, nor was it spiritual power or soul power. It wasn’t any power he was familiar with.

“Wu.” Secretary Lily looked at the Reincarnation Fruit carefully. This

Reincarnation Fruit was a super divine resource carefully cultivated by Baby Ginseng and the others for a month. It took a lot of effort and even used the support tools given by the World King to cultivate two.

One of them was eaten by Shi Yu. The other one was here.

When Secretary Lily looked at the Reincarnation Fruit, Shi Yu was very nervous because he felt that relying on the super divine level Reincarnation Fruit was still not enough.

Because at least after he ate the fruit, apart from making his body’s control talent permanently more exquisite, he had no other gains…

He didn’t remember anything from his previous life.

Well, the ability to become bigger and smaller referred to the ability to casually control the age. After eating the super divine level Reincarnation Fruit, not only did he obtain the reincarnation ability of those divine beasts, but he also became more proficient in becoming a child or old man.

“What a pity.” After looking at the Reincarnation Fruit for a while, Secretary Lily said regretfully, “Although this thing is the highest quality and Effect I’ve seen since the bounty was carried out, and it might also be the best memory resource, I feel that with its power, it’s still a certain difficulty to awaken Her Majesty’s memories.”

“Sigh, it would be even better if you can nurture a cosmic treasure-level fruit.”

“Hey, what a joke.” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say. Could that thing be artificially created?

“So you mean that we’ve worked for nothing for two months?” Shi Yu said.

“You only took a look and determined that this fruit is useless. Then, before we go to cultivate, you should be able to determine that super divine level memory resources still can’t solve anything, right?”

“That’s right.” Secretary Lily smiled and said, “From the start, I knew that the super divine fruit you developed was still useless.”

“I also know that the resources obtained from the bounty are all useless.”

Shi Yu:

Baby Ginseng:

In the Beast Taming Space, Baby Ginseng was angry. Since this bad woman knew that it was useless, she shouldn’t have said anything. She caused it to be beaten up so many times for nothing. Even that new monkey that joined the team could beat it up.

“Don’t be angry first.” Secretary Lily smiled and said, “Although it’s useless now, it doesn’t mean that it’s useless after being strengthened.”

“In theory, cosmic treasure-level resources can only be born naturally, such as the source of transcendence.’

“However, through hard work the day after tomorrow, it might not be impossible to upgrade a super divine resource to the cosmos level.”

“As long as I find the right method.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu said.

“You have a way to upgrade the level of this Reincarnation Fruit to the cosmic level?”

Secretary Lily said, “This fruit is indeed the most suitable resource I’ve seen in so long. As expected of you. As transmigrators, you indeed know what Her Majesty needs the most.”

“So next, let’s tamper with this fruit.”

Shi Yu understood what the other party meant. It was almost equivalent to increasing the quality level of the Reincarnation Fruit. It was the same nature as him wanting the gem cat teacher to increase the quality of the second-hand source of transcendence.

However, what did the other party want to do…

“Have you heard of the Universe Tree?” Secretary Lily asked.

What was that…