Chapter 1768 - Chapter 1768: The Super Empress Appears (4)

Chapter 1768: The Super Empress Appears (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Invader.” Lily revealed a playful expression and said, “A very powerful invader.”

“What, what?” Shi Yu instantly woke up. He quickly used Ling’s power to look into the distance.

At this moment, a bearded alien with pale skin like a zombie was floating outside Morning Star in the uniform of the cosmic overlord army.

At this moment, he raised his left arm high. The nine fingers of the hand with ten fingers closed. One of the fingers was in the air, and an energy ball the size of a small star floated on it.

This energy contained a strong world-destroying law. If it landed, Morning Star would undoubtedly be instantly destroyed. It wasn’t even difficult for the fluctuations caused by its explosion to destroy the entire Hundred Flowers Star Domain.

“Peak super divine…” Shi Yu took a deep breath and said.

“It’s the Northern General of the cosmic overlord army,” Lily said.

“Why is he here?” Shi Yu asked.

“Perhaps Her Majesty captured the Time Sprite too brazenly. After so long, her actions should have long been known by the various large factions.” “Perhaps the cosmic overlord sent the Northern General to destroy Her Majesty,” Lily said.

“Of course, it’s more likely that this Northern General made a decision on his own…”

“Unfortunately.”

“What’s unfortunate?” Shi Yu asked.

“Unfortunately, Her Majesty isn’t that easy to deal with. A peak super divine isn’t enough. His behavior is very stupid,” Secretary Lily said.

“Isn’t the empress only at the peak of the super divine level?” Shi Yu asked.

Lily looked at Shi Yu and said, “Aren’t you only at the peak of the divine level, but what about your battle power?”

When Lily finished speaking, Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. Son of a b*tch, he had almost forgotten about this.

Since the Super Empress was a transmigrator from the last era and still retained extremely strong power after transmigrating, the retained power was definitely the power system of the last era.

Judging from her battle results, she was definitely different from Beast Shi Yu. It wasn’t as simple as having strong physical strength.

With Beast Shi Yu and the source power he developed, he could kill super divines indiscriminately while the power system of this era was only at the peak of the divine level.

If the power system of the Super Empress of this era was cultivated to the peak of the super divine level, together with the cultivation system of the previous era, her battle power… wasn’t as simple as the peak of the super divine level?

In the outside world.

The Northern General from the cosmic overlord army stared at Morning Star coldly and said, “Super Empress, you ignored the ban of the cosmic overlord army and casually captured the Time Sprite in an attempt to interfere with the order of space and time.”

“I want to judge you and the faction you established here. Carry out…”

Before the Northern General at the peak of the super divine level could finish speaking, a dazzling light appeared in Morning Star. The light enveloped the entire Hundred Flowers Star Domain, making the Northern General instantly reveal a serious expression.

“What?”

Obviously, they were a little shocked by the power of the Super Empress.

Boom!!!

These lights were all made of spiritual power. They seemed to have formed a huge hand. In an instant, under the incredulous expression of the Northern General, they descended from the void and landed. They held the world-destroying energy ball in their palms and the Northern General in their palms.

Buzz!

The energy ball shattered, and no ripples appeared.

No ripples appeared. There was only a figure that emitted an absolute aura

standing on the fist-sized psychic palm and staring at the Northern General in

the light.

She was wearing a loose black empress suit, and her long black hair draped casually behind her. She had a queen-shaped baby face, a delicate figure, skin, and huge charm. Unfortunately, the coldness and heartlessness revealed in her red eyes prevented anyone who looked at her from admiring this beauty.

“Super Empress, what do you want to do?” Being grabbed by the psychic palm, the Northern General was extremely panicked. He felt that this guy’s strength wasn’t inferior to a cosmic level.

“I’m a cosmic tyrant..

Boom!!

His body was instantly crushed by psychic power. Countless traces of existence were instantly erased. Standing on the huge palm, the Super Empress looked at the battleship Ling, making Shi Yu and the others not dare to breathe loudly. Lily also smiled in embarrassment and said, “Your Majesty…”

“I want an explanation.” The Super Empress stared at Secretary Lily and said,

“You went out without my orders to bring them back?”

“A Time Sprite is considered a serious matter..”