Chapter 1769 - Chapter 1769: Lily’S Identity (1)

Chapter 1769: Lily’s Identity (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“A Time Sprite is considered a serious matter.”

The Super Empress’s voice was very cold.

“Wah!!!” In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Qi let out another pig-like scream. Ahhh, the Super Empress, who had eaten the Time Sprite, had discovered her. It was over, it was over.

This guy was so scary. A peak super divine was insta-killed.

Shi Yu also had a serious expression. He knew that the Super Empress was very strong, but he didn’t expect her to be so strong.

According to the rules of the cosmic overlord army, as long as one had 1% of the strength of a cosmic overlord, they could temporarily control the cosmic overlord army. Ordinary peak super divines undoubtedly didn’t even have 1% of the strength of a cosmic overlord. As for this Super Empress, even if she hadn’t stepped into the cosmic level, her strength was definitely at the cosmic level…

It was probably even stronger than Goddess Wa of the same level.

“I already said, stop thinking about the Time Sprite all the time. Look, the people from the cosmic overlord army came looking for us,” Lily said. “The cosmic overlord is thinking of a way to delay the lifespan of the universe and make this cosmic era eternal, but you’re thinking about how to destroy the universe. At this rate, the main body of the cosmic overlord will come personally sooner or later…”

“So what?” the Super Empress said. “Is this all you want to say?” “Of course not. Moreover, you can’t move this guy,” Lily said.

“My empress, didn’t you sense anything from them?”

“They’re also transmigrators from the last era. Perhaps in the last era, you were still familiar with each other. If you directly kill them and recover their memories, you’ll realize that if it’s someone you know, won’t you have nowhere to cry?” Secretary Lily said with a smile.

The Super Empress was silent as she stared at Shi Yu. Shi Yu also stared at her.

Would it?

To be able to transmigrate from the last era to this era, they were definitely talented people from the last era. Shi Yu had done it, and the Super Empress had done it. The two of them might indeed have interacted in the last era.

Of course, it might not necessarily be a friend, but an enemy.

But no matter what, Lily’s words made the Super Empress listen. Perhaps this was also why the World King thought that Shi Yu could stop the Super Empress.

Before she could determine Shi Yu’s identity, it was indeed difficult for the empress to touch Shi Yu.

“Your Majesty, he’s helped me a lot recently. We’ve successfully brought you cosmic memory resources. Why don’t you give it a try?”

“I said that this kind of thing is useless,” the Super Empress said indifferently.

“There’s no harm in trying.” Lily directly left the battleship and walked in front of the Super Empress step by step, handing the Reincarnation Fruit to her.

The Super Empress glanced at the Reincarnation Fruit, and her gaze flickered. She didn’t refuse. She guided the fruit into her hand with her psychic power. In the next moment, the Reincarnation Fruit that landed in the Super Empress’s hand began to shrink, turning into a ball of green light spots that slowly flew into the Super Empress’s mouth.

In the next moment, the Super Empress closed her eyes slightly. On the battleship, Shi Yu and the others couldn’t help but swallow their saliva.

After two silent minutes, the Super Empress opened her eyes again and looked at Lily. “Are you satisfied?”

“Wu wu wu.” Secretary Lily looked like she was about to cry. “Isn’t that enough?”

“Give me another chance, alright?”

“I’ve already given you many chances.”

“This is the last time!” Lily looked at Shi Yu and said, “Perhaps we can place our hopes on him.”

Shi Yu was sudddenly mentioned. Although the Reincarnation Fruit in his heart had been wasted, he had no choice but to appear.

Shi Yu took a deep breath and appeared in the starry sky. He appeared not far from the Super Empress and looked at her. “Your Majesty, perhaps we can find other methods to not cause too much damage to this cosmic era. We can also return to the last era or find a way to find memories.”

“I’ve also lost my key memories and also want to find the truth, but this shouldn’t be using other innocent lives as sacrifices.”

“Yes.” Secretary Lily nodded.

“Then have you found any other way?” The Super Empress stared at Shi Yu.

“Of course,” Shi Yu said.

“Lady Lily told me that in an era, transmigrating into space and time and giving birth to parallel spaces will cause the lifespan of this cosmic era to decrease and accelerate the destruction of the universe. And if you want to transmigrate to other eras, it will cause this universe to directly be destroyed.”

“Transmigrating through space and time consumes the power of the universe. If Your Majesty wants to transmigrate across an era, the consumption is undoubtedly something this universe can’t afford.”

“Transmigrating through space and time consumes the power of the universe. If Her Majesty wants to transmigrate across an era, the consumption is undoubtedly something this universe can’t afford.”

“Why every cosmic era only has 10 billion years of lifespan is undoubtedly an unsolved mystery. Even the cosmic overlords are thinking of ways to explore and find a way to solve the lifespan problem of the universe. This way, not only can the universe be immortal, but they can also indirectly be immortal.”

“Therefore, I’m thinking that if we solve the lifespan problem of the universe and make the lifespan and power of the universe endless, can this universe support transmigration across eras?”

Since the universe couldn’t support the era’s transmigration, he would strengthen the universe and let it be able to support it!

“This is impossible,” the Super Empress said. “Is this all you’ve got?”

“Ah.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly.

“Why do you say it’s impossible?”

“Do you know what conditions are needed to make the lifespan of the universe endless?”

Shi Yu was immediately speechless.

“It’s related to humans… right?” Shi Yu said.

Lily looked at Shi Yu and said, “Are you willing to give it a try?”

“Actually, it’s very simple to make the universe immortal,” Secretary Lily said. “Yes, it’s very simple.”

“The old holder has already died, and a new holder has yet to arrive. The reason why every cosmic era is so short is because the universe lacks an ‘eternal’ energy source, a holder to assist its ‘growth’.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu said.

Secretary Lily said, “The meaning is very simple. You’re right. If the universe wants eternal life, it’s indeed related to humans.

“To describe it in a way you can understand, there has to be a Beast Tamer who treats the ‘universe’ as a pet and contracts it. Then, this Beast Tamer will become the energy of this universe and continuously provide nutrients for the growth of the universe. The universe can continue to exist forever.”

Shi Yu and Ling.

“A contract with the universe???” Shi Yu said.

“You’re very surprised, right?” Lily said. “This is a shocking archeological discovery between Her Majesty and me.”

“Ordinary people don’t know.”

“Above the cosmic level, there’s also a level called the cosmic maintainer. The cosmic maintainer is the true lord of the universe. If there’s no maintainer, the fate of the universe is what we see.’

“Humans should be the only race that can be maintained.”

“Contract the universe…” Shi Yu was shocked. He was already shocked enough to be able to contract a planet. The universe could also be contracted??

“I know, this is very difficult to understand, but this is our discovery. As for the difficulty of contracting the universe, although I can’t be sure, thinking about it, it should be several times, or even ten, or a hundred times more than contracting a cosmic life form.”

“Now, it’s difficult to even give birth to a cosmic-level Beast Tamer, let alone a Beast Tamer who can contract a ‘universe’.”

“It’s impossible for Her Majesty to listen to your illusory suggestions alone,” Lily said. “So, are you willing to give it a try? Try to work hard and become the guardian of the universe to support Her Majesty’s transmigration.”

“I…” Shi Yu was speechless again.

“On account that you’re not a life form of this space and time, I’ll allow you to return to the space and time that belongs to you,” the Super Empress said. “But you have to remember that there won’t be a next time.”

At this point, Shi Yu should have heaved a sigh of relief that the Super Empress was willing to let them go. However, looking at the expectant expression of Secretary Lily beside him, Shi Yu said, “The cosmic guardian? Your Majesty, can you give me some time?”

“Why?” the Super Empress said.

“You want to try contracting the universe?”

“I’m not in the mood to waste time with you. However, if you still insist on stopping me, I’m willing to accept your challenge.”

Shi Yu’s scalp went numb. The challenge she was talking about should be a life-and-death battle, right?

No, no.

“It’s decided,” Lily said. “Your Majesty, if Shi Yu can defeat you, give him a chance and see if he can become the holder of the universe. Wait for him for hundreds of millions of years. If he can’t defeat you, you’ll still follow the original plan. How about that?”

“Hey, hey, hey.” Shi Yu wanted to strangle this secretary to death. How could she casually agree to things in place of him?

Damn, could he defeat this Super Empress in a short period of time??

Even if he was given ten thousand lives, it wouldn’t be enough for her to kill.

Unless he, including all his pets, broke through to the super divine level. Perhaps there was still a trace of hope…

At this moment, the Super Empress was staring at Lily, and Lily was also staring at her. Their expressions seemed to be very persistent.

“Up to you.” The Super Empress turned and left. Accompanied by the light that filled the sky, she disappeared from the starry sky, leaving Shi Yu and Secretary Lily.

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at Secretary Lily with a worried expression.

“You can still stay in this space and time for a period of time,” Lily said. “Since you want to challenge Her Majesty, you can’t relax during the next period of time.”

“You were the one who challenged it for me.” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say, “That’s not what I meant at all.”

Lily smiled and said, “From the looks of it, this is the only way to change her mind. Believe me, believe in yourself. In the next period of time, I’ll give you special training.”

“The Reincarnation Fruit is useless. It was my mistake.”

“You’re giving me special training?” Shi Yu said.

“Yeah, I’ll give you special training. You shouldn’t be able to combine your previous life and current power very well now, alright? I’ve stayed beside Her

Majesty for a long time and happen to know her cultivation journey very well. Try to work hard. Perhaps there’s a chance.”

“Her Majesty isn’t a human, but a demon beast in human form. The upper limit of her strength won’t be higher than the upper limit of your strength as a human Beast Tamer. However, the special training I mentioned is also very dangerous. I wonder if you’re willing to accept it.”

“You also know the cultivation system of the previous era??” Shi Yu asked.

“Of course, Her Majesty once wanted to teach me and see if I could learn it. Unfortunately, my physique is still not very suitable, but for you, it shouldn’t be a problem,” Lily said.

“Even now, you still want to hide it from me?” Shi Yu said.

He stared at Lily intently and said, “If you don’t tell me the truth about challenging the Super Empress, I won’t accompany you.”

“Well…”

“Alright, alright.” Secretary Lily smiled helplessly and said, “You’re really an annoying person.”

“The Super Empress is you, and you’re also the Super Empress, but you’re not the same person, right?” Shi Yu said.

“That’s right. I’m indeed a part of the Super Empress. I’m a ‘weak side’ that she separated from. I’m a consciousness that lost the battle of thoughts.. Is this alright?”