Chapter 1773 - Chapter 1773: Epoch Breakthrough (4)

Chapter 1773: Epoch Breakthrough (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yes.” Shi Yu felt a sense of urgency. He began to let Eleven and the others line up like ragdolls to complete the contract with Beast Shi Yu.

“Wuu!!” After Eleven clocked in, it felt that its physical fitness had become stronger. It seemed to have received feedback from Beast Shi Yu, and Beast Shi Yu himself had also improved a little, but not as much as Eleven.

After Beast Shi Yu and Eleven became stronger, Shi Yu’s main body naturally received feedback. As the saying went, “Three wins”.

Right on the heels of that, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling…

Little Ji, Duckie, Little Zi, Qi, Shorty, Little Quas, Turtle…

Shi Yu’s pets contracted with Beast Shi Yu one after another. Beast Shi Yu and them also received feedback from each other. As Shi Yu also drank the soup, after a round of contracts was completed, Shi Yu immediately sensed the changes in his body.

He had just broken through to the 14th heavenly layer not long ago, and at this moment, he had yet to fuse with Beast Shi Yu. However, Beast Shi Yu had contracted the pets he had contracted one after another. With the contract connection with Beast Shi Yu, he made his bottleneck loosen again.

The phantom of the 15th heavenly layer vaguely appeared.

“This is the first time I’ve seen someone like you.”

At the side, Lily was amazed when she saw that Shi Yu was about to break through to the 15th heavenly layer of the divine level.

And this seemed to be only the beginning.

After Beast Shi Yu and Shi Yu’s pets contracted, its compatibility with Shi Yu finally reached 100%. The two parties were perfectly compatible, enough to fuse perfectly.

This time, Shi Yu fused with Beast Shi Yu through the fusion method. There was no longer the subtle feeling that was difficult to control previously. However, what was even more terrifying was that the increase brought by the fusion with Beast Shi Yu was simply unimaginable, shocking Shi Yu.

Boom!!!

The lightning illuminated the entire starry sky. It was unbelievably powerful. The power of the lightning was enough to move even high-level super divines. It seemed to have condensed into a Lightning Fist and was ready to smash at Shi Yu.

The crackling lightning arcs only landed on the stars and instantly destroyed them.

To be able to trigger such a terrifying lightning tribulation was also related to the changes in Shi Yu’s body.

During the fusion process with Beast Shi Yu, Shi Yu’s physique instantly reached the level of initial transcendent high-level and underwent a qualitative change. Beast Shi Yu’s physical strength perfectly fused into Shi Yu’s body.

Apart from that, the special power of source power had also completely become a power controlled by Shi Yu. There was no need for Shi Yu to mobilize it a second time.

The increase in physical strength made the strength of the soul and mind have a greater space to expand. Although the increase wasn’t as terrifying as physical strength, it was gradually approaching and compatible with physical strength.

Boom.

It wasn’t as simple as the 15th heavenly layer of the divine level. After Shi Yu’s two bodies fused, the upper limit of his Beast Taming level was still increasing drastically.

16th heavenly layer!

17th heavenly layer!

18th heavenly layer!

Shi Yu’s pets were stunned by the increase.

“That’s the effect.” Only when Shi Yu’s realm broke through to the 18th heavenly layer of the divine level consecutively did he stop. Lily smiled. This was the only way to have hope of defeating the Super Empress.

“I’m about to transcend the tribulation,” Shi Yu shouted. “The lightning tribulation this time does seem to be very powerful…”

“Wuu!!!” Eleven and the others were also prepared to assist Shi Yu at all times.

The lightning tribulation this time was accumulated from breaking through four levels in a row in the 15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th heavenly layers. The constantly expanding Thunder Fist that looked like it was enough to destroy the Sea of Stars smashed down like a cosmic hammer, very oppressive.

Just the aftermath of waving it caused a Starry Sky Storm in the entire Star Domain.

“According to what I know, from ancient times until now, the highest achievement of a Beast Tamer at the divine level is the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level. It’s definitely impossible for a Beast Tamer to advance to the cosmic level, let alone become the eternal holder of the universe.”

“But you’re different. You carry the power system of the last era on you. The combination of the power of the two eras might be able to create a miracle that hasn’t happened since ancient times.”