Chapter 1778 - Chapter 1778: Returning To The Origin Universe (1)

Chapter 1778: Returning to the Origin Universe (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

He was pretty lucky. He had lunch…

Shi Yu didn’t know why he had recalled this memory.

Logically speaking, he should have long forgotten such an unimportant matter.

Shi Yu felt that he was too good at making connections…

What happened after that?

Shi Yu couldn’t remember clearly if he had eaten it or not when it came to the key point.

Because he had eaten too much wild food during the archeological process in the wild.

Shi Yu shook his head, not daring to let his imagination run wild.

Don’t tell him that the sixth cosmic life form was that rabbit.

Then the sixth cosmic life form would definitely kill him.

“Damn it, I can’t remember the key points.”

However, it was better not to talk nonsense about this.

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. His life was more important.

“You seem to be very unhappy with my main body?” Secretary Lily wrapped her arms around him and stared at Shi Yu.

“How could that be…” Shi Yu shook his head in embarrassment.

“You guys should still have a while, right?” Secretary Lily asked.

“There’s more.”

“That’s good. Next, let’s slowly return.”

“During this period, come and familiarize yourself with your current state.”

A few months of special training allowed Shi Yu to enter the most perfect state in history.

The fusion of the two bodies completely made Shi Yu become one of the experts.

At this moment, the greatest change was that apart from Bu Lu, other pets could also become weapons.

Especially Chi Tong. Shi Yu felt that Chi Tong was more convenient to use.

Chi Tong’s main body was a sword spirit. When it became a weapon again, Shi Yu’s handyness wasn’t something a stick like Bu Lu could compare to.

After all, he was already a sword master back on Blue Planet!

“Wu!!!” On the battleship, Bu Lu quickly realized that it had lost favor.

Of course, the weapon transformation alone couldn’t allow Shi Yu to obtain the power to defeat the Super Empress.

Secretary Lily leaned against the wall of the training room and looked at Shi Yu and the others. “After familiarizing yourself, you can try to integrate their power.”

“The huge mecha you turned into when you resisted the lightning tribulation was a pretty good method.”

“After all, such a big guy can also be seen as a weapon.”

“You can combine the existing methods and upgrade it.”

“I understand.”

“What about you? How do you plan to help me when the time comes?” Shi Yu asked.

This big white rabbit had signed a contract with him while he was sleeping, but up until now, he knew nothing about her abilities.

The other party didn’t seem to have any intention of fighting side by side.

“There’s not much I can do. It’s just that when the time comes, I’ll strengthen your strength and affect the power of the empress. That’s all, so it’s the same with or without my existence. You guys just have to undergo special training yourselves.”

“As the burden is too great, this cooperation can’t be used as training content. I can only perform it at the last minute.”

Upon hearing Secretary Lily’s words, Shi Yu didn’t ask further.

A few days later.

Morning Star.

At this moment, Qi had already woken up. Seeing that she was about to return to Morning Star to challenge the Super Empress, she was more nervous than anyone.

“Don’t worry.”

“Even if I lose, I’ll try my best to protect you from the empress.”

Secretary Lily stood on the battleship and said to Shi Yu and the others behind her.

“Change of the empress’s thoughts is something I need to do in the first place. Meeting you only gives me more hope. At least, I’m not fighting alone.”

“Hu… Even if Teacher Lily says so, I’m still a little nervous,” Qi said.

“It’s alright.” Lily smiled.

“Qi, you should watch the battle this time.” Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others had already begun to give it a try.

It was mainly because they were looking forward to their current strength.

He really wanted to use the tall mountain of the future sixth cosmic life form to test his current strength results.

“That’s not what I meant!” Qi had a headache. She wanted to join the battle!

“Are we fighting here? Will it affect the surrounding planets?”

“There should be quite a lot of life planets here, right?” Shi Yu said.

“Well… I just have to create a new space. Leave this to me.”

“Alright, since you’re ready, I’ll wake that guy up,” Lily said after thinking about it.

With a wave of her hand, the space and time here seemed to have been isolated from the Hundred Flowers Star Domain.

A pure white space-time instantly formed around them. The white space-time was endless and incomparably vast. Looking at the changes around them, Qi and the others were very surprised.

What strong spatial attainments.

Even if it was only a portion of the empress, Lily had probably already touched the threshold of the cosmic level. At least, in terms of spatial attainments, she had touched the threshold of the cosmic level.

At this moment, as the surrounding space and time changed, that person was indeed alarmed.

As the black space and time were torn apart, a figure in a loose black empress suit with long black hair casually draped behind him slowly descended.

The moment she descended, the surrounding space and time began to sway. The empress’s red eyes stared at Shi Yu and the others and said, “Is this the special training you gave them?”

“Don’t tell me you think that just this level is enough for them to defeat me?”

“How will you know if you don’t try?” Secretary Lily patted Shi Yu’s shoulder and said, “Then, I’ll leave everything to you.”

“I understand…”

Shi Yu sighed and looked at the Super Empress. “Your Majesty, please enlighten me.”

The Super Empress was expressionless as she watched Shi Yu’s body float up. She watched as the pets behind him floated up and kept changing, still indifferent, as if she planned to give Shi Yu and the others a chance to attack first.