Chapter 1772 - Chapter 1772: Epoch Breakthrough (3)

Chapter 1772: Epoch Breakthrough (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“This is resentment,” Lily said. “After the death of an expert from the last era, the unwilling resentment combined with the power of space and time to form a ruins space.”

“If you’re entangled by these resentments, your consciousness will be affected, like a filthy upper body.”

With a gentle wave of her hand, all the black mist immediately turned into nothingness. At this moment, the surrounding world completely shattered like the mirror, forming a new world. Shi Yu and the others had already completely entered the ruins.

“Let’s just find the Breath of the Epoch next,” Shi Yu asked.

“Well, there’s no dangerous place in this ruin. The Breath of the Epoch is also very strong. Not bad.”

“There’s no danger, but it’s only for us,” Shi Yu said. At this moment, he closed his eyes slightly and explored everything in the ruins.

In the surroundings, the sky collapsed and the ground caved in. Countless experts wanted to resist, but they couldn’t escape the descent of the apocalypse.

Shi Yu could sense their strong hatred for the cosmic consciousness.

“These people can be collectively called ‘resistance’.”

“As for us, we can be collectively called ‘evaders’.”

Lily said, “The reincarnation of the universe is actually the independent choice of the universe. It’s equivalent to some creatures whose lifespans are almost at the end choosing to reincarnate and start over from the cubs.”

“The universe doesn’t want to welcome true death, so it can only sacrifice everything it has to reincarnate and restart.”

“According to our archeological discoveries, 10 billion years is far from the true lifespan of the universe. However, after this time, the state of the universe will begin to fall, approaching true death and end. In order to avoid this situation, the universe has no choice but to restart at this time.”

“And these resisters are people who are dissatisfied with the choice of the cosmic consciousness. They think that the universe clearly still has a very long lifespan, so why did they choose to destroy themselves at this time and restart? Those experts who were unwilling to die with the universe chose to resist the cosmic will.”

“But the outcome is obvious. Apart from cosmic life forms that can affect the cosmic will to a certain extent, other life forms find it difficult to resist the cosmic will. Even if it’s a cosmic life form, the final outcome of resistance is the same.”

“And the reason why people like us are called escapees is also a title bestowed by those who resist.”

“We didn’t dare to be enemies with the ‘cosmic will’ and chose to find the loophole of the universe’s reboot, hoping to survive until the next era. There are actually many people who choose like this, countless. However, there’s only one in a hundred million transmigrators who can really cross the era and come to the next era. Most of them died during the reboot of the universe.”

“Therefore, I have to say that you and I are both lucky. We’re the only life forms who successfully came to this era among this group of ‘evasives’,” Lily said. “Now, you know why I refuted you previously and said that we weren’t comrades who resisted the apocalypse, right?”

“What, I’m actually an escapee,” Shi Yu said. “I thought I would be a super expert whose life was up to me and not the heavens to fight the cosmic will to the death.”

Lily was silent.

Did he believe it himself?

So he must be livening up the atmosphere.

Ling and the other pets were also silent. With their understanding of Shi Yu, this had nothing to do with Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s style was to think of a way to slip away when he encountered danger that he couldn’t disobey.

Living was more important than anything.

“I’m just kidding,” as expected, Shi Yu said with a smile the next moment.

“Alright.” As soon as Lily finished speaking, countless light gray epoch auras around her had already been condensed by her power. She said, “The rest is up to you.”

“I understand.”

“Bu Lu, is it alright for you to guide Eleven and the others?” Shi Yu said to the red monkey.

“Alright,” Bu Lu said.

“Yiya.” Then, Baby Ginseng began to stretch out its finger and point at Eleven and the others.

At its skill level, its strength form was no longer restricted to the Fruit. As long as the opponent wasn’t strong or didn’t resist, it could use the power of reincarnation on it from afar.

At this moment, under Baby Ginseng’s guidance, Eleven immediately shrank into a transcendent-level little panda that wasn’t even knee-high. It cried on the meteorite.

Chi Tong had become a little loli, and Little Ji had become a little dinosaur that looked like a chicken. Of course, Duckie couldn’t escape the fate of becoming a little duckbill beast.

Soon, Shi Yu’s pets returned to their baby forms. If not for the protection of Shi Yu’s power, it would have been a problem to stay in the starry sky.

“All the best.” As Lily cheered, Shi Yu and the others began to efficiently use the Breath of the Epoch to modify their physiques.

First was Eleven, then Buggy, then Baby Ginseng…

Just like that, a month passed. Only then did all Shi Yu’s pets complete the modification and evolution of the epoch physique.

Although it was said to be evolution, after they completed it, they basically didn’t feel any qualitative changes in their bodies. However, the current Shi Yu indeed felt that Beast Shi Yu seemed to be able to contract them too.

“Alright, continue,” Shi Yu said.

“After the contract, you should be able to improve again.” Lily watched from the side for a month and gave guidance from time to time. At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu had already completed a round of cultivation, she said, “Remember to be careful of the lightning tribulation.”

“Well, your next breakthrough progress might be a little fierce.”