Chapter 1770 - Chapter 1770: Epoch Breakthrough (1)

Chapter 1770: Epoch Breakthrough (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After Lily finished speaking, Shi Yu wasn’t surprised at all.

Because only such an identity could explain the mystery and specialness of the lilies.

Hu…

Shi Yu took a deep breath and looked at Lily. “Alright.”

“Teacher Lily, teach me.”

“You accept it pretty quickly.”

Seeing that Shi Yu had even called him teacher, Lily was speechless.

“It’s alright, it’s alright.” Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment. He had a flexible position and the ability to cozy up to people at the speed of light. This was one of his few merits.

If it weren’t for the fact that he could settle everything without fighting, he could even call the empress ‘Mom’.

In any case, he was an orphan in both lifetimes and didn’t have any moral pressure. He couldn’t abandon his strength for his dignity, right?

“Alright, then I’ll tell you everything I know,” Lily said as she looked at the Morning Star.

“Now, there are a total of two ways to quickly increase your strength.” “One is for you and your pets to fuse with the source of transcendence.”

“This can be eliminated first. It’s not suitable for your current situation. Fusion of the source of transcendence is equivalent to being marked by the universe.

Although it’s not impossible, this isn’t the best time.”

“The second is that the power systems of the two eras on your body are completely unified.”

“As for what strength you can reach after the two powers on your body are completely unified, I can’t say for sure now.”

“It’s mainly because I’m not too sure how strong your potential is.”

“Then what should I do…” Shi Yu said, “I feel that my mastery of the power of the last era is already very good, but I still can’t perfectly fuse it.”

Lily said, “Can you summon all your pets?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded. Then, he summoned Eleven, Buggy, Little Zi, Qi, and all his contracted pets.

After they came out one by one, they stared at Lily extremely seriously.

He wondered how Lily’s strength was… How much weaker than the empress was she?

“As expected, there are many pets.” When Lily saw the pile of pets Shi Yu had contracted, especially when she saw Beast Shi Yu and Bu Lu, she stopped and watched more.

“You used this method to preserve your previous life’s body until now. You must have been a powerful guy in the last era,” Lily said as she looked at Beast Shi Yu.

“You guys aren’t bad either,” Shi Yu praised each other.

“Perhaps we were comrades in our previous lives who fought against the end of the era together,” Shi Yu said.

“If you want to make connections, you should make connections with the empress. The key is to make her believe it.” Lily smiled.

“Moreover, we’re not ‘resistance’.”

“Here.” At this moment, Lily looked at Shi Yu’s pile of pets and said, “You still can’t perfectly fuse with the body of your previous life. You should have some thoughts yourself, right? Tell me.”

“Pet,” Shi Yu said. “My body has signed a contract with a bunch of pets, but my previous life’s body doesn’t have any obvious connection to them.”

“My current body has already completely turned into the shape of a pet, and the shape of my previous life’s body hasn’t changed much, so the shapes of the two parties are inconsistent, causing them to be unable to perfectly match.” “Well…” Not only was Lily silent, but Eleven and the others also fell silent. What a bad metaphor.

It was clearly Shi Yu who changed their shapes, so why was he blaming them? “I understand what you mean. It’s similar to what I want to express.”

Lily said, “The reason why your previous life’s body still can’t match your current body is because of the pet.”

“The pets you contract will have a certain rejection when your body fuses with your previous life’s body.”

“The only one who won’t reject your previous life is probably that little monkey.”

Bu Lu: “Wu! (What’s the trump card treatment?)”

The little red monkey crossed its arms behind the pet group.

Eleven looked at it unkindly and suddenly turned around.

This little monkey had been restless recently!

Why did every teammate who joined the team later have baffling ambitions? Eleven didn’t understand.

Be good and stay still!

“Because it’s very special. Not only did it contract your previous body, but it also contracted your current reincarnation. If you only contracted one pet, then now, the two bodies can undoubtedly fuse perfectly.”

“Unfortunately, you have other pets.”

Shi Yu said, “Therefore, if I want to truly fuse perfectly with my previous life, I have to let this bear, that worm, and that ginseng complete the contract with my previous life like that monkey, right?”

Baby Ginseng and the others couldn’t help but sigh when they saw that Shi Yu couldn’t even be bothered to call them by their names.

“When all my pets not only contract with my current body, but also my previous body, they can complete the fusion.”

“Yes,” Lily said. “That’s right.”

“Is that so?” Shi Yu said. “Then what should I do? Let the other pets replicate the encounter of that little monkey?”

Lily said, “Your cosmic behemoth should have accidentally entered the ruins of the era and been infected with the aura of the last era, right?”

“This aura modified its physique into a physique close to a life form from the last era.”

“It’s precisely because of this that your previous life’s body can contract it normally.”

“If you want to do the same thing, let your other pets be infected by this aura and evolve their physiques a little..”