Chapter 1776 - Chapter 1776: Shocking That The Sixth Cosmic Life Form Was Actually… (3)

Chapter 1776: Shocking That the Sixth Cosmic Life Form Was Actually… (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“It’s too slow to learn it myself. It’s better to learn it offline…” Qi muttered in her dream.

The Cultivation Fruit was undoubtedly a fruit that could activate the pet’s learning potential 100% or even 200%. In order to hurry, Qi endured the stench and ate more than ten Cultivation Fruits to maximize their effect.

“You guys always have some strange things,” Lily said.

It was fine if it was the Reincarnation Fruit, but how did he nurture it?

A long time later.

Shi Yu and the others might have already endured the lightning tribulation for a month, but they were still far from the time limit mentioned by Lily. Shi Yu could confirm that the lightning tribulation of the 18th heavenly layer wasn’t something a normal person could resist at all.

It was simply killing him.

His brain was buzzing and his entire body was numb, including every pet. At this moment, they were all relying on their willpower, super divine willpower, to instinctively resist the lightning tribulation.

Even the Super Demon God’s main body of the light wheel was broken at this moment, and its performance had decreased greatly.

“When will this end…”

“Son of a b*tch, cosmic will, right? I wasn’t very interested in contracting you at first, but now, I’ve made up my mind. I have to contract you no matter what.”

“Regardless of whether you really have consciousness, I have to nurture your consciousness and punch you every day.”

“F*ck.”

As Shi Yu swore in his heart, suddenly, with a hum, the lightning tribulation stopped in the starry sky. It didn’t look like it was about to disappear. Instead, it seemed to have lost its target at once and began to spin around in the starry sky like a headless fly.

After being stunned, Shi Yu and the others looked at Lily and Qi.

He saw Qi raising the umbrella and looking at the lightning with a determined expression. The Space-time Umbrella seemed to have blocked the heavenly secrets and immediately covered the traces of Shi Yu and the others’ existence. In this way, it helped Shi Yu and the others withstand the next lightning tribulation.

“It’s Qi…”

After realizing what was going on, Shi Yu and every pet heaved a sigh of relief. They felt relieved that it was finally over…

At this moment, apart from Qi, Shi Yu and the others almost instantly fainted. The last string they tensed up broke and they floated in the starry sky. With the starry sky as their bed, they fell asleep.

The tribulation lightning dissipated, and Qi looked at her teammates who had fallen asleep while panting. She also felt tired.

But soon, she let out another pig-like cry. The cry was very loud.

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu.”

“What’s wrong with you again?” Lily looked at her in confusion and said, “Shouldn’t you be very happy to have helped your teammates? Otherwise, it won’t be that easy for them to withstand this lightning tribulation. Perhaps three or four teammates will really die before Shi Yu can successfully resist.”

“Wu wu wu, it stinks. Apart from me, even Little Zi and Shorty have reached the epoch god level, but I’m not. I’ve become the last in the team again. When can I break through?”

Qi cried her heart out. After all, when everyone broke through to the divine level, she was the first to reach the top Divine Realm because she fused the power of her previous life. At that time, her other teammates were only intermediate gods.

But now, in the blink of an eye, all her teammates were epoch gods, and she was at the bottom again. In this situation, Qi felt that it was unscientific.

Buggy made too much sense. The first to evolve would definitely be the weakest at the end, and the first to break through would also be the weakest.

“You’re a Time Sprite. It’s better for you to be a vase in peace.” Secretary Lily crossed her arms and said, “Alright, it’s my turn next. Let me treat them.”

“The lightning tribulation this time is really terrifying. I’m afraid even a peak super divine will lose a layer of skin if they want to completely withstand it.”

“Well, I roughly understand your battle power now. It’s almost the strongest level below the peak of the super divine level.”

“So weak?” Qi said eagerly.

“I still feel that I can’t defeat the empress,” she said.

“Because the special training hasn’t ended,” Lily said with a smile.

Shi Yu didn’t know how long he had slept. He woke up in a daze. When he woke up, he felt a fragrance enter his nose.

Shi Yu suddenly opened his eyes and saw Lily looking down at him.

“Teacher Lily…”

“You’re awake.” Lily got up and took a few steps out. “How do you feel?”

“Wuuu!!” As soon as she finished speaking, Shi Yu also heard some familiar voices. Eleven and the others instantly ran over.

Eleven shook its arm in joy. It was a huge success this time! Apart from not eating much lightning tribulation, it was very perfect.

“Ji!!” Buggy also crawled over. Even the power of faith was about to be exhausted and gave it a headache.

The restoration of the power of faith was too slow… It wanted to evolve and evolve again! It wanted to obtain stronger exclusive power!

The pets woke up before Shi Yu Restoration. Shi Yu was the last to wake up.

“Chi Tong is the best,” Shi Yu said with a smile after his daughter, Chi Tong, helped him up.

“Hmph,” Chi Tong said. “That’s true.”

“Is everyone alright?” Shi Yu immediately asked after getting up.

“No, everyone’s condition is very good.” Cube Ling swept its gaze at Chi Tong, Susu, and the others and reported to Shi Yu.

“Where’s Qi?” Shi Yu said.

“After eating too many Cultivation Fruits, the medicinal effect was too strong. After waking up for a while, she fell asleep again. In theory, it’s very difficult for the Cultivation Fruit to eat the effect of sleeping pills, but Qi ate too much at once,” Ling said.