Chapter 1786 - Chapter 1786: Little Zi, Attacking The Super Divine Level (1)

Chapter 1786: Little Zi, Attacking the Super Divine Level (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Now, the pets basically had the Super Divine Will, and their divine skills had already transcendent. Their physiques had even reached the peak in history.

Shi Yu glanced at the success rate of fusion and felt that he could give it a try. He could fuse these skills that had already become ridiculously abnormal into even more ridiculous skills.

For example, Eleven’s Light Control and Dark Control. The current fusion success rate was no longer “0”.

For his current strength, it was no longer too draining to give pets fusion skills.

Shi Yu planned to increase all of this on the way to the place where he transcended the origin.

But before that, he had to tell his acquaintances that he was safe.

Shi Yu summoned Ling and said, “Help me send a message to the gem cat and the others to say that I’m back.”

“Roger.”

Under Ling’s message, soon, the Space Emperor and the others knew that Shi Yu had returned safely.

As Shi Yu hadn’t left for long, no one felt anything. However, since Shi Yu had returned safely, everyone was happy.

“Everyone, let’s meet in the Dong Huang Realm.”

After Shi Yu’s message, right on the heels of that, unexpectedly, it was a message from Emperor Shi.

Shi Yu felt that Emperor Shi should want to communicate with everyone about the appearance of the source of transcendence.

Soon, all the famous experts on Blue Planet gathered.

Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, Gem Cat, Owl, Shi Yu…

As for the super divine ancestors of the five divine races on Blue Planet, they were still in seclusion on Blue Planet. They had never cared about the appearance of the source of transcendence. It had been like this in the past, and it was the same now.

As for Emperor Wu and the others, because they had yet to involve super divine battle power, Emperor Shi didn’t inform them.

“Shi Yu, you’re really back. That’s so fast. I thought you would take at least hundreds of years,” the gem cat said regretfully.

“Why are you feeling regretful?” Shi Yu was puzzled. What was this cat doing when he wasn’t around?

It didn’t want him to come back as soon as possible.

“I feel that your aura is very different from before. You broke through again?” After the Prediction Owl arrived at the Dong Huang Realm, it was very surprised to see Shi Yu.

“Yeah,” Shi Yu said with a smile. This was still for convenience’s sake. He now had two appearances, one Shi Yu’s and the other Beast Shi Yu’s. If he became Beast Shi Yu’s, not only would his aura change, but even his face would change.

At that time, he estimated that his acquaintances would be even more awkward.

At this moment, Shi Yu sized up Teacher Owl.

In the end, the source of transcendence of the Green Dragon and Vermillion Bird super divines was distributed to Lin Feng and the Prediction Owl. As Shi Yu had expected.

Speaking of which, he seemed to have a source of transcendence that exploded from the cosmic behemoth… He conveniently brought it back to this space and time.

In any case, he was useless. He would throw it to Blue Planet to exchange for other resources later.

“Good lord, you just returned and such a big thing happened. Wherever you go, something will happen,” Lin Feng said to Shi Yu as he looked at the starry sky.

“Perhaps this is the so-called person favored by fate.” The Space Emperor smiled. He felt that the source of transcendence this time was simply prepared for Shi Yu.

“It’s good that you’re back.” Seeing that everyone was here, Emperor Shi said, “Shi Yu, you should know what’s going on with this situation, right?”

“Although I’ve never experienced the struggle for the source of transcendence, I also know through various ancient books that the birth of a normal source of transcendence won’t have such an impact.”

At this moment, Shi Yu had nothing to hide. He nodded and said, “Yes, I know a little.”

“There’s a high chance that this battle for the source of transcendence will attract experts other than cosmos-level experts in the entire universe to participate. The competition is the cruelest in history.”

“So ruthless?” Lin Feng was stunned.

“Because the quality of the source of transcendence this time is very high.”

“Then do you still want to participate?” the gem cat asked.

“Because of the mission the World King gave me previously, I’ve already been involved. It involves an agreement with the sixth universe level, so I have no choice but to participate.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Senior Emperor Shi, the quality of the source of transcendence this time is extraordinary. Don’t tell me you also want to participate in the competition?” Shi Yu looked at Emperor Shi. If Emperor Shi also wanted to participate in the competition and get a top-notch source of transcendence for his pet, it would be troublesome.

Then wouldn’t he still have to fight Emperor Shi?

Even if they were familiar with each other, it was quite awkward to only determine who was stronger and who was weaker, regardless of life and death.

“Although I’m also very interested in this source of transcendence, this change didn’t happen because of me. I’m not in the chess game. There won’t be a good outcome if I forcefully participate.” Emperor Shi said, “However, although I feel that your strength has improved greatly, are you already prepared to participate in such a chess game so early?”

Shi Yu said, “Let’s take it one step at a time.”

Shi Yu said, “Let’s take it one step at a time.”

“My current strength is a little stronger than during the transcendent duel. I can give it a try,” Shi Yu said.

The Space Emperor and the others were silent. During the transcendent duel, Shi Yu had displayed a level comparable to transcendent high-level.

In less than a year, he actually broke through again. He was simply not human.

“It’s good that you’re not participating, Senior Emperor Shi…”

“I must fight for the source of transcendence. In addition, I have something to ask of everyone,” Shi Yu said.

“Blue Planet’s Will wants me to break through to super divine on Blue Planet, but the origin battle this time is huge. My breakthrough on Blue Planet will definitely be interfered with. I hope everyone can share the responsibility of protecting Blue Planet.”