Chapter 1785 - Chapter 1785: Goodbye, World King (4)

Chapter 1785: Goodbye, World King (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

At the edge of the Cosmic Sea, the Blue Planet’s Will suddenly discovered the prototype of the source of transcendence that had condensed. Then, it was extremely serious.

“Now, it won’t be so easy for Shi Yu to fight for it…”

Apart from that, Lin Feng, the owl, the Time Emperor, the Space Emperor, and the gem cat, who had already advanced to super divine, also noticed the abnormality of the source of transcendence on the World King Planet.

“Damn, top-notch.” Lin Feng, who was letting his pet massage him, suddenly exclaimed.

He suddenly regretted breaking through to super divine so early.

“Forget it, such a top-notch item definitely has nothing to do with me.”

“Huh?? Holy shit, Shi Yu is back. What a coincidence??”

Lin Feng received a message from Shi Yu that he had returned.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already been teleported to the Dong Huang Realm by the World King. At this moment, Shi Yu’s condition had surprisingly completely recovered. The World King had probably healed him when it teleported him.

“As expected of a cosmic-level star. It’s much more healing than Blue Planet.”

The energetic Shi Yu also discovered the abnormality of the universe and discovered that the prototype of the source of transcendence had already condensed.

The appearance of the prototype meant that the source of transcendence had already entered the final growth stage.

It shouldn’t be long before it completely took shape.

“They really don’t give me any time.” Shi Yu was disappointed.

Initially, Shi Yu wanted to continue strengthening his strength.

At this moment, he didn’t know if there was enough time.

This source of transcendence seemed to be in a hurry to be absorbed, making Shi Yu rather speechless.

Perhaps he could do something that broke through common sense…

Shi Yu recalled the World King’s reminder and started thinking carefully on the spot.

Well.

He was still very smart. He knew what the World King meant without Ling’s reminder.

Common sense: It was impossible for a divine-level Beast Tamer to contract a super divine level pet.

Breaking through common sense: Divine-level Beast Tamers can also contract super divine level pets!

This was what it meant to want his battle power to increase again.

He had to quickly nurture a super divine pet to strengthen the team before the source of transcendence condensed!

What did something that even a Beast Tamer at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level couldn’t do have to do with him, a Beast Tamer at the 18th heavenly layer of the divine level?

Perhaps it really worked.

Of course, conventional pets like Eleven and the others definitely couldn’t. When they broke through, they had to transcend the source of transcendence.

Right now, Shi Yu couldn’t find a good quality source of transcendence for them, but he didn’t want them to have an imperfect foundation. Therefore, he could only find special pets…

In other words, a pet that could break through to super divine without the source of transcendence.

Shi Yu looked at the Beast Taming Space, at a seaweed rice ball, and at Little Zi.

[Yes, this guy is a cosmic life form. There’s no need for the source of transcendence to break through to the super divine level. Just absorb the power of the universe directly.]

[Perhaps I can let Little Zi try breaking through to the super divine level in advance.]

Although there were no restrictions on cosmic life forms breaking through to the super divine level, the power of the universe wasn’t that easy to absorb.

Under normal circumstances, absorbing it for billions of years might not necessarily make it a super divine planet.

But…

Before Shi Yu transmigrated, the World King had given him a pile of support tools.

Among them, cosmic crystals were the most common.

That was because this was an important energy source for cosmic navigation. In order to make Shi Yu in a hurry, the World King had given him a lot.

This thing was the crystallization of the power of the universe, the most important resource for planetary life.

As for Shi Yu, forget about super divine level cosmic crystals, there were even several quasi cosmic crystals.

Due to the interference of Lily, Shi Yu and the others didn’t use too much of this thing on the voyage, so they left a lot behind.

Shi Yu felt that with Little Zi’s current transcendent divine skill and the level of the Super Divine Will, it didn’t seem to be a problem for it to rely on these resources to forcefully break through to the Super Divine Will.

“It’s decided. Let Little Zi try to break through to super divine.”

“In other aspects…”

“It’s very difficult to increase greatly, but a small increase should be alright. Let’s see how it goes.”

“It’s time to undergo a new wave of skill fusion!”