Chapter 1781 - Chapter 1781: Returning To The Origin Universe (4)

Chapter 1781: Returning to the Origin Universe (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Your mission has been completed.”

“Next, regardless of whether the future is good or bad, please be confident.”

Lily’s words appeared in Qi’s heart.

“What are you doing?” Qi asked.

In the battle, Lily was still distracted and talking to Qi. She said, “You’ve already stayed in this space and time long enough. In the next battle, I’m afraid it’s difficult to determine the winner without several years.”

“Next, I’ll send you back first.”

“It’s still too dangerous to stay here.”

“Hello.” Before Qi could react, she felt that her strength, the power of the Space-time Jade gifted by the World King she carried, was being activated.

Under the control of an unknown power, her power began to wrap around Shi Yu and the others.

“Hey, hey, hey.” Qi didn’t want to go back at all yet, but she couldn’t resist anything in the hands of the Lily. She was forced to activate the last power of space and time the whole time and began to return to the original space and time with the unconscious Shi Yu and the others.

In this space and time, Lily, who burned her life force and contracted power, was still fighting the Super Empress.

Origin Universe, Blue Planet, Space and Time Island.

Boom.

The spatial coordinates kept changing. Under the lightning and thunder, a pile of unconscious figures fell from the sky.

The violent rain and pitch-black dark clouds covered everything. After more than half a year, Shi Yu and the others returned to the original space and time. However, Shi Yu and the others were completely unaware of the completion level of the mission this time.

“Shi Yu…??”

Not long after Shi Yu and the others fainted on the Space and Time Island, the Blue Planet’s Will and the World Tree discovered the return of Shi Yu and the others. The World Tree clone instantly appeared on the Space and Time Island. It looked at the unconscious Shi Yu and the others and panicked.

As she had exhausted her strength, Qi had also fallen into a coma. At this moment, Shi Yu and the others could be said to be unconscious. In addition, their states were also terrifyingly weak, and their strength was almost dried up.

Seeing Shi Yu and the others’ state, the World Tree was immediately shocked. However, fortunately, Shi Yu and the others still had life auras, making the World Tree heave a sigh of relief.

Without saying a word, the World Tree began to bring Shi Yu and the others back to Inatella for treatment.

However, this was the first time Shi Yu had been squeezed so clean. Even if the Blue Planet’s Will appeared, it took a full three days and three nights before Shi Yu and every pet connected to Shi Yu’s consciousness gradually woke up.

“Wu…”

Although he had woken up, Shi Yu’s current state was still ridiculously poor. His brain exploded as he opened his eyes and saw a familiar huge tree and a familiar blue figure.

“Am I dreaming?”

Shi Yu covered his head and said, “This is… Blue Planet?”

“Wait, which space and time is it, Blue Planet?”

“You’re already back. Shi Yu, what exactly happened?” Blue Planet’s Will said slowly. At this moment, it could sense Shi Yu’s power. This was also why it had nursed Shi Yu for a long time.

Shi Yu’s current strength gave it the feeling that he was much stronger in comparison.

“What?” When Shi Yu heard Blue Planet’s words, he was immediately shocked and looked at every pet around him.

“But wasn’t I clearly still here just now…” Shi Yu saw that his pets had also woken up. He said, “Hey, hey, hey, wake up. Do you know what happened?”

“Wuu…”

“Yi…” But clearly, the brains of the pets were also like mush, not knowing anything.

“Wu…” Only Qi hugged her exploded brain and said, “Shi Yu, Shi Yu… Teacher Lily sent us back in advance. She started the battle with the empress.”

Yes… Lily…

Shi Yu quickly checked the contract between him and the big white rabbit, but with a look, he finally knew why his brain hurt a little.

Because the contract with Lily had already been completely torn and disappeared. There were no traces of the contract at all…

Although it was only a temporary contract and it was almost impossible to preserve the contracts of other spaces until now, there were no traces at all. It still gave Shi Yu a bad feeling.

Hu…

Shi Yu’s heart was heavy. He looked at Blue Planet’s Will and said, “It’s alright…”

“I can’t be sure about the quests either.”

“Since I’m back, there’s nothing I can do.”

“It’s good that you’re fine.” Blue Planet’s Will didn’t ask further. Seeing Shi Yu and the others return safely was enough.

At this moment, although Shi Yu said that he was fine, he wouldn’t feel fine at all if he didn’t figure it out. Therefore, after they were teleported back by Lily, what exactly happened and what was going on?

Did Lily win? Was she still alive??

If he wanted to figure all of this out, Shi Yu knew that he couldn’t think of a result no matter how hard he tried. Perhaps, he could only know what happened after asking the World King or coming into contact with the sixth cosmic life form again.

“By the way, Shi Yu,” Blue Planet’s Will said. “It’s about to condense after transcendent. Time is already very tight. Do you still want to fight? Your state… I feel that it’ll be a long time before you recover.”