Chapter 1784 - Chapter 1784: Goodbye, World King (3)

Chapter 1784: Goodbye, World King (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Not a bad determination,” the World King said. “Then, I’ll give you one last reminder. Your current strength might be enough, but it’s far from the supreme suppression power. There’s still a risk of failure.”

“Although I can’t help you, I can still remind you.”

“In your current situation, you’ve already exceeded common sense. Perhaps you can do something that breaks through common sense.”

Just as Shi Yu and the World King were communicating, the entire universe erupted.

Be it the Cosmic Sea, the overlord territory, the Worm Mother Nest, the Contaminated Land, or the Behemoth Empire, all the experts sensed the change in the starry sky.

At this moment, in the center of the Cosmic Sea, a seed of light was suddenly born. Although this seed of light only looked like an embryo, any life form above the divine level could clearly sense it as long as they were in this universe.

It was like the most dazzling star in the pitch-black universe, piercing through countless darkness.

At this moment, many cosmic experts who went to the Cosmic Sea felt their hearts ripple.

On the route from the overlord territory to the Cosmic Sea, the genius girl of the cosmic overlord army, Ting Yu, who had once been stimulated by Shi Yu, was extremely shocked.

At this moment, she already knew the difference between her and a real genius and no longer had any impossible hopes. However, the battle to transcend the origin was about to appear. Even if she didn’t participate, she wanted to see it with her own eyes.

There were many people who had this thought, but the current scene made some veteran super divines reveal serious expressions.

“Old Master, is that transcendent?” Ting Yu stood on the battleship and asked her grandfather.

Old Ting Xiang said with a serious expression, “It’s only the prototype now. It’ll take a while to really take shape, but why do I feel that the source of transcendence this time is very different from the past?”

“What’s different?” Ting Yu asked.

“It’s like the quality is more than ten or a hundred times higher than before. In the past, the light that transcended the origin could only be seen in the Cosmic Sea. Even in the universe, it wasn’t so dazzling. But now, we’ve already seen such a scene when we’re still in the overlord territory…”

“Strange.”

“This transcendent origin battle might not be calm.”

“Is there any hope of that Shi Yu succeeding?” Ting Yu asked. Shi Yu was the most powerful guy she had ever seen in her generation.

Old Ting Xiang said, “If it’s only under normal circumstances, there are rarely any divine-level competitors who are his match. What he needs to have a headache about is only the guardians of those divine-level competitors.”

“With his talent, it’s not that difficult to find a guardian with extraordinary strength.”

“But in the current situation, this is no longer a competition between hidden divine-levels. Even some super divine-level old monsters will probably be tempted…”

Initially, only a few cosmic levels noticed that the transcendent origin condensed by the Super Empress was a little different. But now, as the prototype of the transcendent origin began to condense, many super divines and epoch gods who had participated in the transcendent origin battle discovered the abnormality this time.

“This is…”

“How is this possible?” On the Origin Star, the human expert, King Lie, who had once presided over the Glory Challenge for Shi Yu, was shocked when he sensed the abnormality that transcended the origin.

Without saying a word, he immediately headed to the Cosmic Sea.

Initially, he had promised to assist Shi Yu in this transcendent origin battle and become Shi Yu’s guardian.

But now, when he saw the transcendent source, he immediately threw these promises to the back of his mind. This was because even he was abnormally tempted the moment he saw this quality source of transcendence.

He felt that if he could obtain such a transcendent origin, it would be very worth it even if he dispersed his cultivation and re-cultivated. Taking a step back, even if he didn’t use it, he could still use his pets. He was a human Beast Tamer and could nurture many pets.

Previously, he said that he was willing to nurture Shi Yu because Shi Yu’s aptitude was indeed not bad. In addition, ordinary source of transcendence was no longer attractive to super divines at his level. But now, if a treasure that could increase him greatly appeared, how could he take a step back and nurture others?

In the end, the so-called investment was all to obtain better returns. And now, the greatest return was right in front of him. Without a doubt, his competition benefits were the greatest.

Not only the eight kings of the cosmic overlord army, but even the peak super divine expert who had once watched Shi Yu challenge the Glory Challenge, the Western General, and many experts at the peak of the super divine level were attracted by the condensation sign that transcended the prototype of the origin.

This… it was no longer suitable to call it the source of transcendence.

It wasn’t too much to say that it was the source of the universe. It was the source of transcendence that increased the chances of super divine experts advancing to the universe level!

At the border of the Cosmic Sea and the Contaminated Land.

The battle between the Environmental Protection Army and the Dark King Army had yet to stop.

However, today, because of the birth of this special source of transcendence, the experts of either side stopped fighting.

The peak super divine of the Dark King Army and the super expert President Bing Ling of the Environmental Protection Army were simultaneously attracted by the source of transcendence.

They instantly understood that the current battle for territory was no longer the most important thing. Next, no matter which faction it was, they would come to fight for this thing.

Its value was enough to make the entire universe go crazy.