Chapter 1787 - Chapter 1787: Little Zi, Attacking The Super Divine Level (2)

Chapter 1787: Little Zi, Attacking the Super Divine Level (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“You don’t have to worry about this. At that time, I’ll preside over Blue Planet and resist all enemies,” Emperor Shi said.

“This time, when you compete for the source of transcendence, I’ll be your guardian.”

“That’s great.” Shi Yu was very excited, although in theory, his current strength had already exceeded Emperor Shi’s.

However, Shi Yu kept feeling that Emperor Shi shouldn’t be as simple as he looked. After that, Emperor Shi must have experienced something again.

Sometimes, he was relieved to hear Emperor Shi’s words. Emperor Shi didn’t seem to be the kind of person who would make random promises without the capability.

“Although Lin Feng and I can’t help you much, we’ll also protect Blue Planet well,” the Space Emperor said.

“Yes,” Lin Feng said.

“Then next, Teacher Ying, Teacher Tuna, you can be my military advisor competing for the source of transcendence,” Shi Yu said. “I feel that the two of you are the only ones who can help me beside me.”

“Wu.” The gem cat’s head hurt. Ah~ She had only rested for more than half a year.

“F*ck it,” said the gem cat soon after.

The gathering of experts in the entire universe felt like a good opportunity to get rich.

At that time, perhaps dozens of source of transcendence would drop casually. Wouldn’t it be rich!

“Charge.” Although the owl had heard that the battle for the source of transcendence was very cruel, since Shi Yu was confident, it chose to believe him.

“As a thank-you, I’ll tell everyone important information next,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Oh? What important information?” Lin Feng said.

“The conditions to break through to the cosmic level!” Shi Yu said. “Also, how the current five cosmic levels break through to the cosmic level.”

Everyone’s expressions changed slightly.

Next, Shi Yu told everyone the information that Lily had told him about how the World King and the other cosmic emperors had broken through to the cosmic level.

“In other words, to break through to the cosmic level, apart from laying a good foundation and laying an invincible foundation, you also have to be expert in the power of space and time. Most importantly, you have to train the talent ability of your race to the highest level.”

“On humans, it’s equivalent to contracting a cosmic-level Beast Tamer above their level.”

“On my Eleven, the racial talent of the Iron-eating Beast Race can equip its body with the power of metal by eating metal. Then, it might have to devour a large number of cosmic treasure-level metal resources to barely touch the threshold of the cosmic level.”

“What a joke.” At this moment, Lin Feng’s mood was the same as when Shi Yu obtained the breakthrough conditions from the owl. Telling him to contract a level higher than him, which was the cosmic level, was as useless as useless as tits on a bull.

Was this something a human could do?

Demigods could no longer contract divine-levels above their level. Even abnormal people like Shi Yu couldn’t break this rule.

It was even more impossible for a divine-level to contract a super divine above their level. This was even more ridiculous than a demigod above their level.

As for a super divine contracting a cosmic level above his level, it was obvious without thinking that the first two were still difficult. No one had reached the first two, let alone humans.

Was this the reason why no cosmic-level Beast Tamer had been born?

“As expected, it’s this.” The owl was excited. She was very satisfied with this confirmation. This meant that her prediction was right again!

At this moment, even Emperor Shi couldn’t help but smile bitterly. He shook his head and said, “The cosmic level is indeed not that easy.”

“The power of space and time might be able to reach the requirement with a little training. I’m confident, but contracting a cosmic level should be the most difficult to achieve, right?”

“Apart from that, my foundation isn’t firm either. I think I have to polish it again in the future,” Emperor Shi said.

“It’s simply… as difficult as ascending to the heavens.” It was the same for the Space Emperor. His foundation was also poor, because he, Emperor Shi, Lin Feng, and the others had fused second-hand source of transcendence.

In addition, although he was expert in the Dao of Space, the Dao of Time didn’t involve him too much. Lin Feng wasn’t even expert in the Dao of Space and Time.

However, Lin Feng might be the one with the greatest hope of training the ability of his pet race to the extreme, because his talent evolution was more suitable for cultivation than the space-time emperor.

It was the same for the two super divine cats. Their foundations were very poor. On the other hand, the owl was expert in time, and the gem cat was expert in space. This wasn’t bad, but it could be said to be almost impossible to develop the racial talent to the extreme.

“I’ve been thinking during this period of time,” Emperor Shi said.

“After thinking about it, back then, when I accidentally entered the ruins of the era, although it allowed me to transcend the restrictions of Blue Planet early and become an Achievement super divine, causing my strength to increase greatly, it also made me take many detours.”

“When everything is on the right track, I plan to reincarnate and cultivate again. I hope that day can come quickly.” Emperor Shi looked at Shi Yu and said, “Now, among the humans on Blue Planet, your foundation is the strongest. At the same time, you’re expert in the power of space and time, and your pet’s aptitude is the highest. When you completely grow up, I want to reincarnate.”

“Reincarnate?” Upon hearing Emperor Shi’s choice, the gem cat and owl’s expressions turned bitter. They shook their heads. They didn’t want to.

At the super divine level, reincarnation wasn’t as easy as when it was low-level. This was because to disperse the source of transcendence, the process was so painful that one wanted to die. Most importantly, it didn’t mean that reincarnation would definitely succeed. The essence of this was that it was a method to consume existing strength.

One way or another, if Shi Yu could really reach the cosmic level, they wouldn’t pursue the cosmic level. They just had to cozy up to Shi Yu.

“Reincarnation…” Lin Feng and the Space Emperor were also slightly silent. It was clearly very difficult for them to choose. After all, it was also very difficult to cultivate to this level. It was unrealistic for the two of them to pursue the cosmic level without even seeing the peak of the super divine level.

“There’s no need to think so far ahead now…” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Perhaps it won’t be long before Teacher Ying can increase the quality of the source of transcendence… Teacher Ying, how’s your research?”

The gem cat’s face fell. “Stop talking. It’s too difficult. My basic strength is still insufficient. Let’s talk about it when I become a peak super divine…”

“I feel that it might be faster to reincarnate and cultivate again,” Emperor Shi said.

The gem cat: “?”

What did Emperor Shi mean? Did their names and titles have the word Shi? Did they not know how to talk?

Who were they looking down on!

The gem cat swore that sooner or later, it would let these guys beg it.

“Next, let’s return to Blue Planet first…” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I have to discuss it with Blue Planet’s Will.”

He had to prepare some protective measures for Blue Planet.

Otherwise, if Blue Planet, which didn’t even have many divine-level experts, became the main battlefield, those ordinary people would suffer.

“Yes, let’s return to Blue Planet.” Dong Huang and the others nodded.

…

Soon, Shi Yu returned to Blue Planet. At this moment, Blue Planet also began to head to the birthplace of the prototype source of transcendence as a wandering planet.

Apart from Blue Planet, there was also a white planet wrapped in a purple star ring nebula flying with it. It was Little Zi.

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others were on Little Zi to help it break through. As the only member of the team who could break through without the source of transcendence, it carried the most important mission on its shoulders this time.

“Mi!!!” The huge planet was overjoyed as it flew. Little Zi felt that it was time for it to dominate the greatest war in the entire universe.

“Don’t be arrogant, eat quickly.”

On the planet, Shi Yu, Chi Tong, Ling, and the others almost broke open the cosmic crystal and stuffed it into Little Zi’s body, accelerating.

“Wu, wu wu.”

“Wuu!!!” From the moment it was stuffed with food to the moment Little Purple took the initiative to wolf down the cosmic crystal, its gaze was fierce. For this rare opportunity to become Shi Yu’s trump card, Little Zi went all out.

Blue Planet…

The Blue Planet’s Will looked at the purple and white stars in the sky in silence and couldn’t help but drool.

It was too much. It was fine if he ate in front of it, but he actually didn’t give it any. Especially when it sensed that Little Zi was becoming stronger as it ate, Blue Planet, this nanny, felt even more stifled. These resources were much more luxurious than when it broke through to the high-level.

“Mother Blue Planet.” Just as Blue Planet’s Will was speechless, a spatial ripple flashed.

“Why are you here?” Blue Planet looked at the Time Sprite, Qi.

“Mother Blue Planet, Little Zi is only five years old, but it’s already on the same level as you,” Qi said.

Blue Planet: “?”

“What’s the matter?”

“It’s alright, I just can’t be stimulated alone. I came over to share my mood,” Qi said with a chuckle.

She had watched Little Zi hatch. Now that Little Zi was about to become the highest level in the team, she, the lowest level, was also very stifled. She couldn’t just make herself feel stifled!

Blue Planet’s Will: ???

Although the Qi in its impression was very naughty, it wouldn’t say something so heartbreaking! What exactly did Shi Yu do!