Chapter 1782 - Chapter 1782: Goodbye, World King (1)

Chapter 1782: Goodbye, World King (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“The source of transcendence is about to condense?”

When the Blue Planet’s Will finished speaking, Shi Yu pretended to be in deep thought and said,

“Looking at the time, it’s indeed about time.”

“Fight, we naturally have to fight.”

This source of transcendence was too important to him.

Although they were already very strong, it wasn’t enough.

According to what Shi Yu understood now, there were three conditions to advance to the cosmic level.

1. Expert in the power of space and time.

On this point, it shouldn’t be a big problem for Shi Yu, who had cultivated the Time Strengthening Talent, the Spatial Strengthening Talent, and contracted the Time Sprite.

2. Perfect foundation.

This was at least reflected in the source of transcendence. It had to fuse with the natural condensation of the universe.

For example, Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, and the others didn’t have a perfect foundation to advance to super divine with the second-hand source of transcendence.

Therefore, if Shi Yu wanted to break through to the cosmic level, he couldn’t miss this source of transcendence.

The cat was unreliable. When she stood up and cultivated to the point where she could increase the quality of the source of transcendence, who knew how long it would take.

It was impossible for Shi Yu to wait 100,000 years for the next round of source of transcendence, so this time, it was especially important.

3. The racial talent ability developed to the extreme was still a little far.

Therefore, in order to meet all three conditions, Shi Yu couldn’t give up on this competition.

Moreover, if he fused with the source of transcendence, it would definitely be the battle power of the first level below the cosmic level.

This was also very tempting to Shi Yu.

Moreover, at this moment, Shi Yu kept feeling that the empress’s condensation of the source of transcendence didn’t seem to be completely to disturb the starry sky.

Her goal was only to return. The source of transcendence didn’t have any effective support for achieving this goal.

If he had to talk about it… the only thing related…

“Master, is it possible that the current empress has already changed her mind?”

“Perhaps we’re a part of history to begin with.”

“She condensed the source of transcendence in advance to let you quickly become the strongest super divine after returning and break through to the cosmic level as soon as possible.”

“Therefore, in order to become the holder of the eternal universe, lay a good foundation.”

Ling looked at Shi Yu and communicated with his gaze.

“This transmigration involves two cosmic-level experts proficient in the power of space and time. Perhaps we can’t treat it with our previous transmigration EXP anymore.”

“After all, this time, from the beginning to the end, we were led away by two cosmic levels.”

“Moreover, looking at Lord Blue Planet, it seems…”

Ling’s words were also what Shi Yu was thinking. Was it possible that Lily had successfully defeated the empress and their goal had been achieved?

Everything now was a continuation of the agreement between him and the empress…

An agreement that crossed hundreds of millions of years and became the holder of the eternal universe.

However, Shi Yu couldn’t confirm this even if he guessed randomly.

He looked at Blue Planet’s Will and said, “When we returned to the past this time, we even did some things on Blue Planet. Didn’t your memories change at all??” Shi Yu asked.

Even spatial entanglement appeared on Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, and the others.

It couldn’t be that nothing happened to the Blue Planet’s Will, right?

Could it be that it had been too long ago and couldn’t be pestered anymore?

“No,” Blue Planet’s Will said.

“This…” Shi Yu fell silent.

“Is there anything important?”

“That’s not true.”

“I’ll fight for the transcendent origin. Before that, I’ll go to the World King Planet first.”

“I have something to ask the World King.”

“Yes.” Blue Planet’s Will nodded and said, “Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, and the others are also on World King Planet. Transcendent Origins will also condense in the Cosmic Sea. After you go over there, you can seek their help.”

“This time, I’ll also head to the Cosmic Sea to help you fight for the transcendent origin.”

“No need, no need. I’ll do it myself,” Shi Yu said.

With his current strength, it shouldn’t be a problem to fight for the source of transcendence, right?

“I mean, I hope you can advance to super divine on Blue Planet. With your current strength, if you advance to super divine on the mother planet, I’ll also benefit endlessly,” Blue Planet’s Will said.

This was the same principle as when a pet broke through and the Beast Tamer received feedback.

“Uh, I see. Haha, no problem,” Shi Yu said with a laugh.

Since the Lord Mother Planet had spoken, there was naturally no problem.

“It’s just that at that time, the pressure Blue Planet will face might be a little high,” Shi Yu said.

“Risk and benefits coexist,” Blue Planet’s Will said.

“Alright,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll try my best to clean up all the enemies before breaking through.”

Then, Shi Yu rested for a while before immediately putting away his pets and starting to use the permanent teleportation array to head to World King Planet.

However, this was the first time an accident had happened in this Teleportation!

Shi Yu wasn’t teleported to the familiar Dong Huang Realm. Of course, it wasn’t that he had encountered an accident during the teleportation.

Instead, just as he came over, he arrived at a familiar space and time again. Shi Yu looked at the surrounding clouds and the stone bridge under his feet and immediately understood what was going on.

“Lord World King??”

Shi Yu looked ahead. As expected, in the next moment, something unexpected happened in front of him.

It was as if countless blue lightning flashed Blink, or as if a white gust was squeezing and howling, gradually forming a pair of blue eyes with white traces. They appeared above Shi Yu and stared at him.

World King Planet’s will!

“You returned faster than I imagined.”

She looked at Shi Yu and said, “Your strength has already increased to this extent? Looks like you’ve gained a lot in the quests this time.”