Chapter 1783 - Chapter 1783: Goodbye, World King (2)

Chapter 1783: Goodbye, World King (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“As expected, letting you carry out this mission is the right thing to do.”

Shi Yu hurriedly asked, “Then, how’s the current situation?”

The World King said, “When you were away, that Super Empress once visited the World King Planet with her clone.”

“The Super Empress came??”

“That’s right. She has a very deep intention of condensing the transcendent origin in advance.”

“Because this transcendent origin is different from any other time in the past. Its quality is no longer something the transcendent origin that’s born once every 100,000 years can compare to.”

“It’s not too much to say that its quality can be said to be a transcendent origin born once in a hundred million years. The cosmic power contained in it is incomparably vast.”

“This Super Empress is indeed the cosmic level with the strongest spatial attainments. She can actually do such a thing.”

“Looks like she has completely entrusted her hopes to you,” the World King said.

“You mean that the Super Empress condensed this transcendent origin for me??” Shi Yu was stunned.

“That should be the case,” the World King said. “I don’t know what exactly happened between the two of you. Space and time have been modified. At the cosmic level, even if it’s oneself in a parallel space, they can sense it and be related.”

“However, a portion of my perception of that space and time has been blocked. It should also be her masterpiece.”

“However, the current outcome is enough. I can confirm that she’s temporarily not interested in transmigrating to the era. In her place, she should be planning the same thing as the cosmic overlord.”

World King looked at Shi Yu.

Nurturing humans.

Extend the lifespan of the universe.

Shi Yu had successfully changed the Super Empress’s thoughts. This made the World King feel that it was indeed not wrong to spend a lot of effort to send Shi Yu back.

This way, at least a cosmic war could be temporarily avoided.

“Lord World King, what does the Super Empress you saw look like?” Shi Yu asked.

“Black clothes, white hair, red eyes,” the World King said.

Shi Yu was stunned again. Lily had white hair, while the Super Empress was in black clothes. In other words, Lily, who represented a special memory, wasn’t dead, but had fused with the Super Empress?

Didn’t this mean that Lily had successfully defeated the empress?

Or rather, both parties didn’t decide the winner. They just shared the same body again.

“Where’s the Super Empress now?” Shi Yu asked.

The World King said, “I’m not sure either. Her arrival only indicates that she no longer has any ill intentions. At the same time, she hopes that I can supervise the other cosmic levels and not let them interfere in this competition that transcends the origin.”

“Her meaning should be for you to compete for the transcendent origin this time.”

“Me? I’ll go,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s not as simple as you think,” the World King said. “The quality of this transcendent origin is especially high-quality. It’s equivalent to a cosmic life form paying a huge price to accelerate the condensation.”

“If it’s used on you, not only will you successfully break through to super divine, but every pet of yours will also successfully become super divine.”

“I’m afraid even peak super divines will covet such a transcendent origin.”

“For such a transcendent origin, it’s even worth scattering its power and cultivating again.”

“Therefore, the transcendent origin competition this time is no longer a matter of divine-levels and their guardians. Even the peak super divines of the Contaminated Land, the Behemoth Empire, the Worm Mother Nest, and the overlord territories will interfere.”

“Apart from that, there might also be some super divine peaks hidden in the depths of the universe that don’t belong to the few cosmic factions. They will also revive.”

“Because it’s not too much to say that the transcendent origin this time is a key opportunity to become a cosmic level.”

“The Super Empress seems to want to test you. You have to rely on your own strength to compete,” the World King said.

“I understand.” Shi Yu’s teeth hurt.

This didn’t seem like the style of Lily, but the style of the empress.

He was helpless in the hands of the empress. This guy probably still didn’t trust him very much.

That made sense. In the hands of the empress, he indeed didn’t have any outstanding performance.

Apart from being a charger for Lily…

This time, it was even harder to deal with. From the previous opponents and competitors being a group of epoch gods to the peak of the super divine level.

It directly increased the strength of the competitors by a large level.

However, after learning the quality of this transcendent origin, Shi Yu was even more excited.

Refining one was equivalent to the entire team’s super divine?

There was such a good thing?

No matter who the opponent was, he wanted this source of transcendence. After all, it was prepared by the empress for him.

If he couldn’t snatch it, forget about the empress, even he looked down on himself.

“Then will the peak of the super divine level on the World King Star compete?” Shi Yu asked.

The World King said, “No, the peak super divine level of the World King lineage won’t fight for the transcendent origin this time, but I won’t interfere with the freedom of other super divine lives.”

“Moreover, the World King bloodline won’t assist you in this competition. It’s the same for me. The balance between the cosmic levels can’t be broken. At the same time, this is also my ‘contract’ with her.”

“This is her test for you. You need to complete it alone.”

“I understand,” Shi Yu said. “Interesting. I can already imagine what kind of bloody battle will still happen in the next Cosmic Sea…”

“But no matter who it is, I’m determined to get the transcendent origin this time. This is also my ‘contract’ with her.”