Chapter 1788 - Chapter 1788: Transcendent Origin (1)

Chapter 1788: Transcendent Origin (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Transcendent from the Divine Realm.

It was a very special star domain in the Cosmic Sea.

It also had a name called “Ultimate Starry Sky Battlefield”.

Every time the source of transcendence was born, it would be born in this area.

Therefore, every time, this place would become a super meat grinder for all the races in the starry sky.

At this moment, the Ultimate Starry Sky Battlefield was extraordinarily lively.

The originally heavy and lifeless dead domain glowed with vitality again as the source of transcendence condensed.

Various vehicles could be seen floating in this starry sky.

There were huge technological mechanical battleships, strange biological battleships, and floating planets.

There were even cosmic monsters comparable to stars. They also had their own civilization on them.

Perhaps some people didn’t come for the transcendent origin naturally condensed by the universe.

Even if it wasn’t for that supreme treasure, if he was lucky on this battlefield, he could still gain a lot next.

In a place destined to fight, as long as one could successfully survive, they could more or less obtain many good things from the dead.

In the Ultimate Starry Sky Battlefield, some super divines were destined to die. The source of transcendence that these super divines might drop was actually also a target for some people to fight over.

And just as the aura of various terrifying experts had already spread across the Divine Realm, two planets flew over.

One of these two planets was blue and very beautiful, while the other was white but surrounded by purple nebula rings, making it look mysterious.

Apart from being convenient for Shi Yu to break through on his body, Blue Planet had also come this time because of the speciality of the source of transcendence. The source of transcendence that had been accelerated by the sixth cosmic life form for hundreds of millions of years triggered endless cosmic power to gather here.

It could be said that the current Starry Sky Battlefield might be the area with the richest power of the universe for a long time. This was undoubtedly very helpful to the growth of planetary life.

“Shi Yu, we’re here.”

As they entered the Divine Realm, the gem cat and the owl flew out of Blue Planet. Teacher Ying was wearing a white dress with golden stars embedded at its waist. It wore a crown and its cat ears kept swaying on both sides of the star crown.

As for Teacher Owl, it was wearing a loose blue witch suit. Its blue dyed white wings flapped under the starlight. After the two of them came over, they checked Little Zi’s situation.

“Little Zi, why haven’t you successfully broken through?” the gem cat asked.

“Wu wu wu.” The floating purple star was very aggrieved.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Little Zi full. It can’t be helped. It has accumulated enough foundation, but it needs to digest it. The environment on the way isn’t very suitable. It’s enough here.”

“The environment here seems to be more suitable for breakthroughs. In any case, there’s no hurry.”

“What’s wrong? What’s the matter, teachers?” Shi Yu asked.

“Just now, the two of us did a divination for you,” the gem cat said. “This battle to transcend the origin is very dangerous. You might ‘have the world as your enemy’.”

“We’ve searched for a way out. Perhaps you can go to the Observer Planet to take a look.”

“If you go there, it might be helpful for you to compete for the source of transcendence.”

“Observer Planet?” Shi Yu recalled. At this moment, Ling appeared and said, “It’s a special planet that transcends the Divine Realm.”

“The environment there is harsh and not suitable for survival. Apart from this special period, generally speaking, only one person lives there.”

“The other party’s name is ‘Observer’. His strength is unknown. It’s said that he’s very strong and is suspected to have transcended the high-level or even the peak of the super divine level. Most importantly, he doesn’t belong to any faction. He’s a loner.”

“His greatest joy is to be an audience member of the transcendent origin in the Divine Realm every 100,000 years. He seems to like to watch shows the most.”

“Although he watches the show, he’ll occasionally help the competitors he thinks highly of.”

“The two of you mean for me to come into contact with him?” Shi Yu asked.

“Meow,” Teacher Ying said. “This is the guidance of the stars. Up to you. I think if you really become an enemy of the world, the defense power of Blue Planet alone might not be enough.”

“If we can obtain the help of that person, our side will be much easier.”

“Unfortunately.” Shi Yu shook his head. He also knew the cruelty of the competition for the source of transcendence this time. This time, he would probably offend many factions by fusing with the source of transcendence. However, as long as he succeeded, everything was worth it.

“The transcendent origin hasn’t condensed yet. In that case, I’ll go relax and stroll around first.” Along the way, Shi Yu worked overtime and consumed a little more energy. Although he had recovered, it wasn’t the best choice to keep his condition tense.

At this moment, the two military advisors had come up with an idea. Shi Yu thought for a moment and decided that it didn’t matter if he went to the Observer Planet.

“Little Zi, accompany Blue Planet.”

“We’re going to play for a while, so I won’t bring you along. You absorb the power of the universe well,” Shi Yu said to Little Zi under his feet.

“Ah.” Little Zi was depressed. Alright then.

However, recently, why did it feel that Mother Blue Planet didn’t like it anymore?

Observer Planet.

Shi Yu and the others weren’t the only ones who took a fancy to this place. Many people knew the name of the “Observer”. There were records in some old factions that this hidden expert had interfered in the battle for the source of transcendence 11 times in 100 million years.

Although the chances weren’t high, many young geniuses chose to descend to the Observer Planet to see if they could come into contact with the legendary Observer and obtain his admiration.