Chapter 1789 - Chapter 1789: Transcendent Origin (2)

Chapter 1789: Transcendent Origin (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

If they succeeded, it was equivalent to having half a guardian close to the peak of the super divine level for no reason. Anyone was willing to give this free deal a try.

“Let’s go.”

Soon, three golden meteors could be seen streaking across the starry sky.

On each of the three meteorites stood a person. Shi Yu, the gem cat girl, the owl girl, and the two cats behind revealed undoubtedly super divine auras. No matter who it was, they could tell at a glance that they were extraordinary.

As for Shi Yu, he kept a low profile and only revealed an aura slightly stronger than a normal peak divine-level. He looked very much like a normal source of transcendence competitor.

Otherwise, if he directly entered this star domain without restraint, even peak super divines would probably be alarmed. Shi Yu didn’t want a pile of trouble to come before the war even started.

The two cats beside him now looked like “protectors” and “guardians”.

Of course, the pets in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space understood that although the two cat teachers looked powerful, appearance was deceptive. Their functionality was alright at best, and their battle power was really unbearable.

It was another matter how they performed when fighting individually.

However, although the true strength of the two cats wasn’t strong, the title of super divine level was still terrifying.

In the entire starry sky of the universe, including some hidden super divines who didn’t appear in the world, the number of super divines might only be in the four digits. The common active super divines were less than 1,000. In this situation, if a divine-level competing for the source of super divines could have a super divine guardian, it would be enough to satisfy. It could greatly increase the probability of competing for the source of transcendence.

And now, there were two beside Shi Yu.

On the Observer Planet, in an ancient city with broken walls, it was especially lively at this moment, as if it had been lively for a long time.

In the surroundings, there was the Abyss Race, the Yun Race, the cosmic behemoth, the Space Worm, and the Space Race in the Cosmic Sea. These large races from all over the universe were gathered.

The symbol of their unity was that the aura on their bodies was especially powerful. If it wasn’t a human, it might be the strongest divine level in the era, the god of the era. If it was a human, it might be a Beast Tamer who had broken through the limit of the divine level and reached the 11th heavenly layer.

No matter where they were, these were all geniuses whose names shook the starry sky. Now, they were surprisingly obedient in this ancient city.

Perhaps there was still a life-and-death grudge between them and the grudge of their race previously, but now, at least in this place, no one dared to attack randomly. This was all because of an old man sitting on the ground with eyes that seemed to be unable to open.

He looked ordinary. Apart from his red skin indicating that he wasn’t human, he was no different from an ordinary person. There was no aura on his body, but the surrounding people didn’t dare to underestimate him.

This was because this person was a legend who lived outside the divine realm. He usually came and went without a trace. He was a super expert who would only appear when the source of transcendence was born. At this moment, he was like a small vendor setting up a stall on Blue Planet. There were dozens of rocks of various sizes on a rag in front of him.

“Is there anyone else who wants to buy this?”

“As you can see, none of them are empty. Buy them on the spot and open them on the spot. We’re honest.”

At this moment, this old man was half lying on the ground, looking especially enchanting. Of course, if it weren’t for his big yellow teeth and even his shriveled and wrinkled face, he would look even better.

[This merchant is dishonest.]

[Damn, I want to curse, but I don’t dare.]

[My money, my money.]

At this moment, the surrounding divine-level geniuses’ hearts ached. It was difficult to imagine that the legendary observer was such an old man.

A few days ago, this old man had started to set up a stall on Observer Planet to sell things.

The things they sold were also very classic. For example, the super divine stone, the stone that could open various items from the previous era.

No one knew where this observer had found so many super divine stones. There were dozens of them, and perhaps not all of them.

And these geniuses had come because they had an ulterior motive. They wanted to obtain the appreciation of the observer. The old observer selling things also provided these people with some channels.

Then, many people threw money to buy these super divine stones, but after buying them, people realized that they had been tricked.

Until now, the dozen or so super divine stones sold hadn’t even revealed a single good thing. They were all ordinary Level-11 energy crystals. They were the trashiest and cheapest things among the super divine resources.

It could be said that buying and unlocking it immediately depreciated dozens of times.

This made these people suspect that this old man’s super divine stone was all fake. This guy was an immoral businessman. Moreover, they also had evidence.

That was, according to the rumors, the super divine stone needed five super divine levels to open. However, this old man could help the buyer open the super divine stone himself. This clearly didn’t match the rumors.

Of course, many people didn’t care if they could earn by opening the super divine stone. It was fine to lose a little. However, it was as if they were winking at a blind person now. This old man didn’t give any other response at all.

“Is there no one else?” The old observer looked regretful.

“Senior, I wonder what you think of the condensation of the transcendent origin this time,” at this moment, a white-skinned young man covered in red spider patterns said. He had already bought two super divine stones and successfully became a fool. He, who was unwilling to leave just like that, chose to ask some questions.