Chapter 1797 - Chapter 1797: 18Th Heavenly Layer (3)

Chapter 1797: 18th Heavenly Layer (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

With a punch, countless competitors and their guardians exploded in the starry sky. In the blink of an eye, only the competitors, spectators, and even some super experts hidden in the dark were left in the silent starry sky.

Under the phantom of the 18th heavenly layer, Shi Yu stood on the purple star. The transcendent origin was still there, and no one could snatch it away. Eleven landed beside Shi Yu and roared at the starry sky!

“Wuu!!!” Even if Eleven looked very cute, at this moment, no matter who it was, they couldn’t look at the black and white little bear directly. Their gazes were filled with shock. Even if they had transcended the upper level, their hearts suddenly skipped a beat at this moment and they were shocked by Eleven’s punch.

“This guy…” At the critical moment, the Yun Race super divine who had saved the perfect experimental subject of the Dark King Army also revealed an incredulous expression.

This was a divine level?

“I already said not to fight with me,” Shi Yu said calmly.

“This transcendent origin will definitely belong to me. If anyone still wants to take things too hard, feel free to come.”

“Whether it’s an era genius, a super divine expert, or a peak super divine expert.”

“But before you attack, please be prepared to be killed.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, countless people broke out in cold sweat. Their gazes were incredulous. They took a deep breath and looked at Shi Yu’s 18th heavenly layer phantom and the countless epoch gods who had turned into ashes, as if they had encountered a terrifying event.

“I still can’t believe it,” muttered many experts in the Cosmic Sea.

“What realm is this? It can actually strengthen a divine-level Iron-eating Beast to the point where it can instantly kill super divines.”

“Is Shi Yu a cosmic reincarnation?”

Eleven’s punch could be said to have shaken the entire transcendent Divine Realm. Countless experts were immersed in the attack just now and were greatly shocked.

Especially Shi Yu’s acquaintances. They were originally worried for Shi Yu, but now, their hearts were filled with endless ridiculousness.

“No wonder he said that we don’t have to interfere.” Lin Feng’s body had already gone limp on Blue Planet.

Was Shi Yu a f*cking human?

“What happened?” Inside Blue Planet, it was protected well by Blue Planet, but this huge commotion still attracted the attention of some experts. The five super divines of Blue Planet suddenly woke up from their cultivation and looked at the starry sky, feeling the terrifying pressure on it.

Eleven’s punch had killed countless competitors at once. There might even be a few super divine levels alone. The three source of transcendence floating in the starry sky blood mist was the best witness.

The other competitors who were still alive were very close to these sources of transcendence, but they seemed to be frightened. Their bodies trembled and they didn’t dare to move at all, their faces pale to the extreme.

As soon as Shi Yu’s level appeared, these people already knew why the transcendent origin would directly choose Shi Yu. They were extremely confused. How did this monster cultivate to this level? Did this level really exist?

Being in the same era as Shi Yu might be their greatest sorrow.

At this moment, the experts in the universe finally experienced what many creatures on Blue Planet had experienced.

“Come.” At this moment, in the silence of the entire starry sky, Shi Yu stretched out his hand. The three floating source of transcendence also flew towards him.

Although he didn’t use these things, he could keep them for Emperor Wu and the others. This way, he could gather five Blue Planet super divines.

At that moment, it could be said that just one attack from Shi Yu had scared all the competitors out of their wits. No matter who it was, they didn’t dare to gossip about competitors of the same level at this moment. If they still thought that Shi Yu wasn’t qualified to obtain the recognition of transcendent origin at this moment, they would be too deluding themselves.

“So, is there anyone else who wants to fight?”

“If not, I’m leaving,” Shi Yu said after obtaining the three source of transcendence.

At this moment, the competitors of the same level fell silent. Lu Mo, the 13th heavenly layer of the Cosmic Sea, was hiding in a corner of the universe trembling. He was glad that he had listened to the advice of the elders of his race and didn’t attack with the big wave immediately.

Otherwise, he would have already been the ashes of the universe.

Which epoch god present wasn’t a genius among geniuses? They were very arrogant, but at this moment, facing Shi Yu’s 18 heavenly layer, it could be said that they couldn’t feel any arrogance. They felt that they were an ant compared to the young man in front of them.

Some geniuses who originally had the faith to risk their lives to fight for the source of transcendence had all forgotten their initial promise and only wanted to leave quickly.

Now, everyone understood that there was completely no one at the same level who was qualified to compete with Shi Yu. Even among super divine levels, there were probably very few who were qualified to compete with Shi Yu.

Some super divines who originally had some ideas were also hiding in the void now, panting. They didn’t dare to act rashly, afraid that they would attract the attention of this fiend.

[Capture him alive.]

[Send him to the Contaminated Land.]

Just as the peak super divines were also immersed in Shi Yu’s ridiculous level and battle power, the peak super divine general of the Dark King Army, one of the most capable generals under the Dark King, the King of the Yun Race, suddenly spoke from the depths of his bloodline.

[Lord Dark King!!] Upon hearing this voice, the King of the Yun Race was shocked. He didn’t expect Lord Dark King to actually pay attention to this transcendent battle and was even extraordinarily interested in Shi Yu.

This King of the Yun Race immediately understood what the Dark King meant. Shi Yu had contracted a cleansing star spirit and couldn’t be left alive at all. The current Shi Yu had already displayed battle power close to the peak of the super divine level before becoming a super divine. If Shi Yu fused with this quality source of transcendence, what would happen?