Chapter 1798 - Chapter 1798: 18Th Heavenly Layer (4)

Chapter 1798: 18th Heavenly Layer (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The King of Darkness gave the order, and the King of the Yun Race didn’t dare to disobey.

Just as everyone thought that everyone had been scared out of their wits by Shi Yu and didn’t dare to compete anymore, dozens of terrifying super divine auras suddenly slowly appeared.

These auras appeared, shocking some of the audience. They knew that the main scene was about to completely begin.

Although Shi Yu was very strong, for this shocking opportunity, the super divine experts still couldn’t sit still.

Under Shi Yu’s indifferent expression, many figures of polluted races appeared in the Divine Realm. All of them emitted a terrifying aura, from transcendent low-level to high-level.

There was even one at the peak of super divine.

One was at the peak of the super divine level, four were at the high-level, 12 were at the mid-level, and 20 were at the low-level. More than ten polluted races were involved. This was the first time many people had seen such a shocking scene.

A total of 37 super divines gathered, making the souls of some spectators who thought that the battle just now was the greatest battle in the universe begin to tremble. It was unknown if they were excited or afraid.

“It’s the super divines of the Contaminated Land… I remember now. Shi Yu contracted a cleansing star spirit. The people of the Contaminated Land definitely can’t let Shi Yu inherit the source of transcendence alive.”

“Heavens.” Even the gem cat and the others felt their scalps tingle.

This was simply a scene that even movies didn’t dare to imagine. How many super divines were gathered here?

Here, there were also many members of the Environmental Protection Army stationed. All of them revealed shocked expressions. After all, in the previous huge invasion war, the Dark King Army only had 10 super divines guarding it.

But now, the sudden descent of more than 30 super divines really made them feel like they were going to overturn the sky.

“All members of the Environmental Protection Army, listen up and protect Shi Yu.” At this moment, the expression of the Environmental Protection Association’s God Bing Ling changed when she saw so many Contaminated Land super divines appear. She immediately made a decision to join the battle and use Shi Yu as the core to resist the enemy.

Although she knew that in this situation, not to mention the Environmental Protection Army, even a peak super divine wouldn’t dare to say that they could protect Shi Yu, as a member of the Environmental Protection Army, she couldn’t let this source of transcendence fall into the hands of the Contaminated Land no matter what.

“What a monster.” However, the appearance of the polluted super divines was only the beginning. In the next moment, dozens of super divines appeared, led by a peak super divine.

This peak super divine was a handsome man with an elegant expression and elegant bearing. He had butterfly-like wings and a pair of antennae on his head. His appearance made the expression of the purple ant-man, who was on the verge of death after being saved by a high-level super divine, change.

The ninth son of the Worm Queen was also one of the few heirs who had evolved relatively successfully. He had battle power at the peak of the super divine level and was one of the strongest tiers of the Worm Mother Nest.

“If I capture you and offer you to Mom, she will definitely be very happy.” The butterfly man looked at Shi Yu and said something that made the King of the Yun Race’s expression turn unfriendly.

It knew that the mutant worms that liked to collect outstanding genes wouldn’t let Shi Yu off either. Although Shi Yu’s current value wasn’t as great as the origin, it wasn’t much inferior. If the mutant Worm Queen could eat Shi Yu, who knew how ridiculous the descendants would be.

The King of the Yun Race guessed that the Dark King wanted to capture Shi Yu alive also because it hoped to transform Shi Yu into one of the polluted race and investigate Shi Yu’s secret.

From the moment Shi Yu exposed the 18th heavenly layer, apart from the transcendent origin, many factions had another competitor, which was Shi Yu.

After that, dozens of super divines appeared one after another.

In the blink of an eye, nearly one-tenth of the super divine lives in this universe appeared, causing the oppressive atmosphere that transcended the Divine Realm to reach an extreme.

Many of them had strong killing intent towards Shi Yu. Just now, when Shi Yu destroyed a bunch of geniuses, a large portion of the guardian super divines behind the geniuses didn’t have time to protect him at all. They didn’t even dare to protect him.

Only now, seeing so many super divines appear, as if they wanted to kill Shi Yu together, did a bunch of super divines finally dare to come out.

“You don’t learn.”

However, to everyone’s surprise, the great demon king, Shi Yu, still didn’t react when he saw so many super divines eyeing him covetously. Instead, his tone became colder and colder.

“In that case, leave all of them behind.”

“I wonder how much source of transcendence you can drop?”