Chapter 1791 - Chapter 1791: Transcendent Origin (4)

Chapter 1791: Transcendent Origin (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

This time, Shi Yu didn’t chase after him. Instead, he watched him leave.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, this observer was mysterious and unfathomable to begin with. He didn’t know his identity at all. Shi Yu didn’t have much hope of obtaining help, so he really came to stroll around like a street hooligan, purely treating it as relaxing.

“That’s it?” the gem cat asked.

“What else can we do? We don’t know him either. We don’t know his background. We might even become enemies. He can’t really just enjoy watching shows, right? He definitely has his own goal for paying so much attention to the battle for the source of transcendence.”

“Regardless of whether we act recklessly, there’s no harm in pulling out the big shots’ names, like the World King and the cosmic overlord first. In any case, we’ve really seen the World King and the cosmic overlord.”

“At that time, if things go south, no one will dare to kick me when I’m down. If things go smoothly, someone will definitely come to aid me,” Shi Yu said.

“I thought this guy was so powerful, but he couldn’t even tell your true strength,” the owl said.

“You can tell?” the gem cat asked.

“Ah, this… Didn’t Shi Yu say that he’s a little stronger than when he participated in the transcendent duel? That observer’s information is clearly still from before!!”

“It’s not his fault. With my current strength, apart from the cosmic level that’s expert level in the power of space and time, I’m afraid even if I’m at the peak of the super divine level, it’s difficult to see clearly. I can only vaguely sense that I’ve become stronger, but I don’t know how much stronger I am and my specific battle power,” Shi Yu said. “This old man is still strong. Moreover, I don’t know where he got so many super divine stones. His identity isn’t simple. I feel that we will definitely be involved in the future.”

“I believe in the divination of the two of you.”

“So how strong are you now? Why don’t you show it?” The gem cat curled its lips.

“There’s still a need to show it… Moreover, if I show my strength too much, I’ll easily be targeted by the cosmic will. I’ve broken the limit too many times in a row. Now, I’m still relying on special methods to hide my aura. Look at those geniuses who woke up from their sleep. They don’t dare to attack randomly. Unless it’s a critical moment, it’s better not to erupt with all their might,” Shi Yu said.

“However, after fusing with the source of transcendence, I won’t have to be afraid. At that time, I won’t be an ‘outsider’.”

“Then let’s go back?”

“Go back, go back.”

As Shi Yu and the others arrived, many epoch gods from the five cosmic-level territories arrived at the Cosmic Sea one after another. Even the super divine level in the entire universe had probably gathered more than 50% of the Cosmic Sea.

The attraction of the source of transcendence this time was really too great. Shi Yu could sense the chaotic aura condensed in the transcendence divine realm. Seeing that the transcendent divine realm was becoming more and more lively, everyone guessed what the direction of the transcendent origin battle would be.

In the past, the super divine guardians had always protected the guardian in secret, mainly protecting the lives of their competitors. First, the divine-level geniuses competed among themselves and killed until their eyes turned red. Only when they were anxious would the super divine life be involved in the war. But this time, people suddenly couldn’t say for sure.

Surprisingly, the transcendent divine realm suddenly fell silent, as if it was the calm before the storm. Everyone focused on the transcendent origin that was accelerating condensation and knew that it was already close to maturity.

“Pop~”

Just as the entire universe didn’t dare to breathe loudly, finally, under the crazily beating hearts of countless people, the source of transcendence that was originally like a seed of light became even more dazzling and closer to this space and time. At this moment, although it was still in the nurturing of the universe, it had already established a deeper connection with the outside world!!

In the starry sky, the most talented Beast Tamer in the cosmic overlord army in nearly ten thousand years, Ting Yu, suddenly felt a summoning that transcended the origin.

“Old Master, I feel that the transcendent origin is summoning me.”

“Haha, that’s good. Although we’re not competing, being able to sense the summoning that transcends the origin means that you’re still powerful, girl. You have to know that many Beast Tamers at the 11th heavenly level of the divine level can’t feel the summoning that transcends the origin.” Old Ting Xiang was very happy.

Transcendent origins were equivalent to children of the universe. Although they were destined to be absorbed and refined by others, from the perspective of transcendent origins and the perspective of the cosmic consciousness, they naturally hoped that transcendent origins could be absorbed by better life forms.

Being able to attract the transcendent origin meant that his aptitude and talent had obtained the recognition of the transcendent origin. He had a high chance of finally fighting for the transcendent origin.