Chapter 1796 - Chapter 1796: 18Th Heavenly Layer (2)

Chapter 1796: 18th Heavenly Layer (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

With so many terrifying attacks, even if it transcended the middle stage, it was definitely impossible to escape.

The epoch geniuses who had accumulated for countless years attacked at the same time and displayed their talent to the extreme. What a huge scene. Some epoch gods who had yet to attack and were still watching were directly shocked by this scene until they couldn’t breathe.

“This…” When Ting Yu saw half of the epoch gods attack, her face was pale to the extreme. Before this, she didn’t expect the battle to be so tragic. One person actually had to face hundreds of epoch geniuses attacking at the same time.

Moreover, the methods of these geniuses were also very unbelievable. The Dark Universe Behemoth from the Behemoth Empire even directly got the super divine guardian to enhance the three transcendent suns on its body, displaying an attack whose power was comparable to the middle stage of transcendent.

The son of the Worm Queen even became a monster that no one had ever seen. The bloodline pressure on its body made some super divine lives and top-notch gods tremble very much. That noble bloodline power seemed to be the limit of the universe.

However, the terrifying thing was that Shi Yu’s expression never changed in the face of this terrifying group attack.

At this moment, the war had already begun. No matter what the situation was, Shi Yu knew that he couldn’t show any signs of retreat.

This was a test from the empress. He could only defeat all his competitors with his strongest strength. Only then could he obtain 100% of the empress’s recognition and support after obtaining the transcendent origin.

At that moment, in this scene that would make anyone’s hair stand on end, endless divine power light suddenly erupted from Shi Yu’s body. The dazzling light rumbled with the power of space, projecting Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space phantom.

At the same time, it was accompanied by a gift from Shi Yu to everyone who wanted to kill him.

An even stronger killing intent wave.

Boom!!!

The extreme killing intent seemed to have frozen space and time, instantly making everyone feel like they had fallen into an ice cave. The light and speed of these divine skills and divine weapons that flew over seemed to have been violently suppressed.

It gave the attacker the feeling that they were attacking an extremely terrifying existence. In the next moment, a scene that the attacker couldn’t understand completely appeared as Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space phantom completely formed.

Even some peak super divines who were secretly paying attention to this place revealed incredulous expressions.

Boom.

Shi Yu naturally activated the Beast Taming Space. First level, second level, third level, fourth level… Until the 13th level, the miraculous level of the era, fell into the eyes of everyone, but it was far from over. Right on the heels of that, 14th level, 15th level, 16th level, 17th level, 18th level!

An entire 18th heavenly layer of the Beast Taming Space phantom appeared behind Shi Yu. As the source of his terrifying killing intent fluctuations, at this moment, the attackers seemed to have seen an extremely ridiculous scene. They were stunned and their gazes exploded.

“What’s this?”

“Is this for real?”

“It’s fake, it must be fake.”

“Are you kidding? How can a divine-level reach this level? Isn’t the 13th heavenly layer the limit?”

The phantom might be fake, but the deterrence fluctuations on Shi Yu’s body weren’t fake. The deterrence that was close to the peak of the super divine level directly made these competitors unable to breathe and faint.

Right on the heels of that, what was even more ridiculous was that the phantom of a black and white bear gradually walked out of the Beast Taming Space and materialized. It descended into the universe and punched into the starry sky out of thin air like Shi Yu’s guard!

The 18th heavenly layer of the divine level corresponded to a super divine Beast Tamer who had transcended eight times. He was already a super expert in a super divine level life form. Shi Yu was actually even stronger than this, because he had cultivated the system of two eras at the same time. At this moment, Eleven used Shi Yu’s power to ascend to the outside world and directly broke its limit, erupting with a terrifying power that was enough to suppress power that had transcended high-level.

It threw a punch. Black and white lightning flashed where the fist landed. Space and time seemed to have collapsed at this moment. The extreme power fluctuations instantly Devoured everything. Under Eleven’s punch, the attack was so helpless and weak. In an instant, be it divine skills or divine weapons, they were all blasted into nothingness.

The punch that shattered the entire star domain had yet to stop. The terrifying aftermath instantly swept over, turning the competitors who were suppressed by the deterrence of the eleventh heaven into blood mist as if they had smashed an ant to death.

“Impossible.” The Dark Universe Behemoth revealed a desperate gaze. It, which was comparable to a battle power that exceeded transcendent 3, felt that the body it was proud of collapsed with a bang. Even its super divine guardian couldn’t escape the fate of turning into dregs.

No matter how noble its background was, the purple ant person known as the son of the cosmic emperor couldn’t resist Eleven’s punch at all. Its gaze was stunned as it was completely devoured by the power fluctuations.

Even in an instant, a mutant insect that had transcended the high-level descended. The guardian was in front of it and blocked this attack for it. This mutant insect that had transcended the high-level still spat out blood crazily, protecting the purple antman as it was sent flying, shattering countless stars.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!!!

The starry sky trembled, and countless people were shocked.

This was Shi Yu?

Ting Xiang, King Lie, Bing Ling, and the other super divines couldn’t believe it.

Although they knew that Shi Yu was very strong, wasn’t he at the 13th heavenly layer?

What was going on now? Everyone was stunned. Shi Yu was too strong.