Chapter 1794 - Chapter 1794: Focus Of The Starry Sky (3)

Chapter 1794: Focus of the Starry Sky (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“That’s not the key. The key is that a battle is coming.” Shi Yu grinned. He had already sensed countless experts attacking him crazily.

Unfortunately, fusing with the source of transcendence, especially such a high-quality source of transcendence, was a very time-consuming thing. Back then, the gem cat had spent a few months fusing. Although Shi Yu was more reliable than the gem cat, it was impossible for him to complete it instantly. Otherwise, Shi Yu would have turned around and run to Blue Planet with the source of transcendence.

Now… if he wanted to successfully fuse quietly, he had to destroy all those who weren’t convinced.

Of course, the most annoying person at this moment wasn’t Shi Yu, but the others.

These people were still stunned. They didn’t understand why the source of transcendence had directly slipped away and even floated above a person.

Looking at Shi Yu, there were actually many people who didn’t know Shi Yu. Some people from the Contaminated Land, the Worm Nest, and the Behemoth Empire, especially the experts who had just arrived, were still a little unfamiliar with Shi Yu.

However, for the native experts of the Cosmic Sea and the cosmic overlord army, they were undoubtedly extremely shocked. They looked at the combination of Shi Yu and the transcendent origin in shock.

“Shi Yu! It’s Shi Yu. He attracted the transcendent origin out!”

“Who’s Shi Yu? Who’s this guy?”

Shi Yu calmly stared at the potential enemies that filled the starry sky. In an instant, no matter who it was, they learned Shi Yu’s identity.

“This guy is a freak. He’s the second Beast Tamer at the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level in the Cosmic Sea. In a transcendent battle, he once easily killed the Four Saints super divine Green Dragon who had transcended to the sixth stage!”

“He even obtained an audience with the World King.”

“He’s even from a terrifying faction that comes from a one-star super divine.”

“Wait a minute, he’s a Beast Tamer from the World King Planet? No, according to what I know, he’s a super genius of the cosmic overlord army. He once challenged the deterrence of the cosmic overlord in the overlord territory and underwent the Glory Challenge. Under the deterrence of the cosmic overlord, he broke through to the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level and successfully challenged the Glory Challenge. He even obtained an audience with the cosmic overlord…”

“It’s a monster that hasn’t appeared in the cosmic overlord army for a long, long time. You can see the main body of the cosmic overlord.”

Shi Yu’s identity was quickly exposed. As everyone learned of Shi Yu’s identity, the experts of the ten thousand races in the starry sky were shocked. They looked at this monster with shocking resume in shock.

Those who were familiar with Shi Yu looked at Shi Yu in shock, such as Ting Yu, the Western General, Bing Ling, and King Lie. These people never expected Shi Yu to appear in the Ultimate Starry Sky Battlefield in this way.

Why… Why could Shi Yu directly summon a transcendent origin without doing anything? However, when he thought of Shi Yu’s terrifying battle results, even the thirteen-level genius of the Cosmic Sea, Lu Mo, had a dark expression. He never expected that such a monster would appear in the Cosmic Sea again after he slept. He had heard of Shi Yu previously. Now that he saw him, he immediately hated this guy…

The expressions of the monstrous geniuses from other cosmic factions darkened when they heard Shi Yu’s terrifying battle results. In fact, some super divine experts were no exception. What a joke. A 13th heavenly layer of the divine level that could reverse-slash someone who had transcended six times?

What kind of monster was this guy? No wonder he could directly attract the transcendent origin…

“From the looks of it, the source of transcendence seems to like me very much this time. Can everyone give me some face and not fight with me, alright?” Shi Yu asked the entire starry sky very politely.