Chapter 1799 - Chapter 1799: The Seventh Cosmic Emperor (1)

Chapter 1799: The Seventh Cosmic Emperor (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Silence.

Dead silence.

No one expected that in this situation, not only was Shi Yu not afraid, but his words and actions were even more arrogant.

Moreover, he didn’t retreat at all.

Even in the face of such pressure, Shi Yu was relatively calm. Everyone saw that his terrifying Level 18 Beast Taming Space phantom had another change.

Apart from the Iron-eating Beast that had just descended, other pets appeared one after another.

Many Beast Tamers in the Cosmic Sea were very familiar with these pets.

“Roar!!!” A Green Dragon leaped out of the Beast Taming Space. In its eye, a green worm finished painting the finishing touch. It piloted the Green Dragon and emitted a terrifying era divine might.

Everyone recognized that this was the monster that had defeated the Green Dragon super divine. This weird worm had clearly evolved the Green Dragon path to the extreme, but it gave up the Green Dragon path and controlled the Green Dragon.

“Yi.” There was even a ginseng baby in a doctorate hat and research suit. As it straightened its tie, it stepped out into the air. Everyone was also familiar with it. This was Shi Yu’s pet that won first place in the team internal competition, the ginseng emperor.

Right on the heels of that, a small Vermillion Bird landed on the shoulder of the black-robed red Sword Maiden. It walked out with an immortal sword, and a shocking sword intent enveloped the starry sky. Chi Tong also appeared.

After the Sea of Stars Sprite Susu descended, it immediately looked at the polluted races with an unfriendly gaze. The cleansing wave in its eyes was already ready.,

“After analyzing it, we can destroy them all in one go.” The mini battleship Ling analyzed the battle direction for Shi Yu with its shocking computing ability.

“Roar!!!”

“Quack!!!”

There was also the overlord of the earth, Little Ji, and the World Cleansing Demon Duck, Duckie. Their gazes were filled with violence as they looked at these guys who wanted to be enemies with them.

The treasure-hunting white tiger Shorty, the fusion black tortoise Little Quas, and Turtle. In an instant, ten more pets walked out of Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space.

This wasn’t the end. Apart from these familiar faces, there was also a red giant ape that tore through space and descended this time. Seeing its appearance, many experts in the direction of the cosmic overlord army revealed shocked expressions.

It’s the cosmic behemoth, Bu Lu.”

“Shi Yu actually contracted it too?”

“Is Shi Yu crazy?”

“Hahahaha, I, Bu Lu, have finally come here. But this time, I’m not fighting for myself.” Bu Lu stretched out his hand and took out a huge star stick he had refined on the way. He waved it and stood in the starry sky.

Everyone was evil.

It could be said that apart from Qi, every pet of Shi Yu had appeared. All of them emitted the aura of epoch gods. More than ten epoch gods. This ridiculous scene appeared. Everyone finally knew why Shi Yu’s beast level could reach the 18th heavenly layer.

Moreover, the auras of the dozen or so epoch gods beside Shi Yu were much stronger than the so-called strongest competitors with the transcendent origin previously. They were completely comparable to super divine level lives that had transcended three times.

What was even more terrifying was that at this moment, Shi Yu had averaged out his strength to these pets. Their power fluctuations were even more terrifying. Every one of them was actually comparable to high-level battle power.

“How ridiculous is this…” Countless people were already stunned by Shi Yu’s luxurious lineup. With such a lineup, even if it was an enemy with a difference of ten times, it didn’t seem to be a big deal. Unfortunately, there were still two peak super divine existences in his hands. This was a difference that couldn’t be erased no matter what.

Although Shi Yu’s domineering display shocked most super divines again, it was still a little insufficient for the King of the Yun Race and the ninth son of the Worm Queen.

“That’s it? How shameless.” Although their gazes were moved, they still attacked at the same time. The first priority of the target was Shi Yu. In the face of the joint attack of the two peak super divines, the entire transcendent Divine Realm was suppressed. The power of space and time reversed crazily. Even experts who had yet to transcend the Divine Realm could sense the terrifying atmosphere here.

It was like the end of the universe.

“Shi Yu doesn’t have a guardian!”

At this moment, the two peak super divines attacked Shi Yu. Many spectators were anxious. Although the environmental protection army led by Bing Ling wanted to help Shi Yu, there were too many hostile super divines. They couldn’t enter the main battlefield at all.

Logically speaking, a genius like Shi Yu should have a peak super divine guardian, but until now, Shi Yu was actually the only one resisting such a huge pressure.

Some super divines who were originally afraid that Shi Yu had come into contact with the cosmic overlord and the World King also heaved a sigh of relief. It looked like there was nothing between the two parties.

Buzz!!!

A huge battle was about to break out.

It was alright previously, but now, although Shi Yu appeared very calm, no matter how one looked at it, facing so many super divines and super experts in the first tier of the two universes, he was far from being a divine-level expert. He could fight against those pets.

The attainments in the spatial power of the King of the Yun Race and the ninth son of the Worm Queen were also very strong. When they attacked, they were also secretly fighting, wanting to capture Shi Yu and all his pets and obtain the transcendent origin.

It was as if he didn’t take Shi Yu, who was at the 18th heavenly layer of the divine level, seriously at all.

Strangely, Shi Yu didn’t seem to take the two peak super divines seriously.

Moreover, the pets Shi Yu summoned, including the Iron-eating Beast, didn’t seem to have any intention of attacking.

In an instant, everyone couldn’t understand. They thought that Shi Yu was stunned by the two peak super divines.

However, in reality, no one knew that at this moment, Shi Yu’s true trump card wasn’t any pet he had summoned just now, but the star under their feet.