Chapter 1792 - Chapter 1792: Focus Of The Starry Sky (1)

Chapter 1792: Focus of the Starry Sky (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“This opportunity is rare. Even if I die, it’s worth fighting for.”

“If you miss this opportunity, there won’t be a second time in billions of years!”

A gray-robed young man floated in the universe and stared at the transcendent origin in front of him. The phantom of the 13th heavenly layer behind him flickered and also sensed a strong summoning from the transcendent origin.

His appearance stunned many people in the starry sky of the universe.

“It’s him.”

80,000 years ago, the monstrous Beast Tamer of the Cosmic Sea failed to compete for the source of transcendence at the realm of the 12th heavenly layer and was protected by a guardian who transcended high-level battle power. He was originally not an impressive existence among the many losers.

He had already participated in countless battles, but no one expected that after the battle ended, this person would break through to the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level on the spot, shocking the entire Cosmic Sea, immediately making him the strongest competitor in the next transcendent origin battle.

Everyone still remembered that this guy’s name was Lu Mo. His ancestor was a human Beast Tamer who had transcended six times. He came from the strongest Beast Tamer families in the Cosmic Sea. Now, he should have at least three epoch-level pets.

At this moment, the various factions were approaching the transcendent origin. If it weren’t for the fact that the transcendent origin was still in the nurturing stage of the cosmic will and hadn’t left the universe itself, forcefully snatching the lightning tribulation that would attract the cosmic will would probably have already made super divine experts unable to hold back from snatching it.

Many experts knew that now was not the time to snatch the source of transcendence. When the source of transcendence was attracted away by some divine-level genius, that would be the start of the real battle.

And now, in the eyes of many experts hidden behind the scenes, it was just an appetizer. It was the performance of some epoch-level geniuses. Of course, just this performance alone made many people tremble in fear, because too many monsters appeared one after another.

“All of you, get lost. I’m determined to obtain the transcendent origin this time.” Boom, a shocking aura emitted from the universe. An epoch god in the form of a purple antman emitted a monstrous aura and ran towards the transcendent origin, trying to suppress the flames of the others.

Initially, sharp killing intent flashed in the eyes of many geniuses, but soon, their hearts skipped a beat. They were stunned by this guy’s ferocious and violent aura. Although he was only an epoch god, he was different from those epoch gods who only transcended once. This guy’s terrifying bloodline even made super divines who had transcended three times vaguely afraid.

“This guy is Her Majesty’s 101st son, the youngest son. It hasn’t died after disappearing for so long.”

Seeing this purple ant person, many people were extremely shocked, especially the expert from the mother nest who recognized its identity. Some who originally had ill intentions immediately felt their hearts turn cold, because this guy’s identity was too terrifying.

It was the descendant of a cosmic-level life form, the Worm Queen. In theory, it was even more difficult for a cosmic-level life form to reproduce, but this was not a problem for the Worm Queen at all. The advantage of the Worm Race was that they could eat and reproduce, and they could give birth to perfect descendants by combining the genes of the creatures they ate.

The Worm Queen had already given birth to many children, but the outcome of most of these children was not very good. Some children became peak super divine existences of the Worm Mother Nest and even terrifying high-level super divine existences. This was a relatively good outcome, but most of them were regarded by the Worm Queen as failures and directly lost their lives under the Worm Queen’s demonic training.

Since this purple antman had come to the Cosmic Sea from the worm nest, it meant that its aptitude had obtained the recognition of the Worm Queen and was thought to have the aptitude to transcend at least the high level.

“Little worm, why are you so arrogant?” However, not all competitors who had transcended the origin were afraid of this purple ant person. Although its identity was honorable, according to past experience, the Worm Queen didn’t care about the death of its son at all. Of course, it was uncertain if the son recognized by the Worm Queen had other super magical bugs as guardians behind him.

At this moment, what revealed disdain for the purple antman was a huge monster that cracked the starry sky. It was surprisingly a black cosmic behemoth. It was also an epoch god, but three suns spread behind it. It was the symbol of transcendent 3.

This wasn’t the power of this cosmic behemoth, but the power of an extremely small super divine Beast Tamer on its shoulder. This was surprisingly a terrifying cosmic behemoth at the epoch divine level, but it had contracted a “super divine human Beast Tamer” as a “master”.

He wasn’t a super divine yet, but he had successfully gotten a super divine Beast Tamer to assist him in fighting for the transcendent origin. The appearance of this cosmic behemoth also caused a huge commotion.

“The noble bloodline of the cosmic behemoth, the Dark Universe Behemoth. They’re born to eat black holes and are incomparably terrifying. The patriarch is a peak super divine. The most ridiculous thing is that this guy actually found a human super divine who’s willing to assist it with a contract.”

“A monster like this also appeared in the Behemoth Empire?”

As the geniuses of the Worm Mother Nest and the Behemoth Empire arrived, Lu Mo, who was in the Cosmic Sea just now, snorted and didn’t mind.

And this was far from the end. Putting aside those former losers and geniuses who had entered a deep sleep, just the number of new geniuses who had grown up in the past 100,000 years was endless.

There were also monsters from the Contaminated Land that appeared under the serious gaze of the Cosmic Sea’s Environmental Protection Army. Its body emitted a pollution power that was deep to the origin. It had the characteristics of many pollution races such as Meteor, Karma, Abyss, Flame, and Disaster. It was surprisingly a hybrid pollution creature.