Chapter 1795 - Chapter 1795: 18Th Heavenly Layer (1)

Chapter 1795: 18th Heavenly Layer (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“As expected of you.”

This was the first time that the transcendent origin didn’t even consider it and directly abandoned other candidates qualified to fuse with it, directly deciding on a certain divine level.

The key was that if this was an ordinary transcendent origin, it would be fine, but the quality of the transcendent origin this time could be said to be the strongest in the era.

How deep was Shi Yu’s divine-level foundation? How many dimensions had he crushed other divine-levels to obtain the favor of the cosmic will?

In the starry sky, on Blue Planet, Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, Gem Cat, Owl, Blue Planet’s Will, and the others stared at the starry sky. This development revealed a reasonableness in the surprise. They knew that with Shi Yu participating, it was impossible to continue normally according to logic.

Shi Yu’s pressure would probably increase exponentially if he had to deal with so many opponents right from the start.

“Ridiculous!” Previously, when the mysterious super divine on the Observer Planet saw Shi Yu directly snatching the transcendent origin, his eyes widened.

After watching the show for so long, this was the first time he had seen such a ridiculous situation.

He instantly recalled what Shi Yu had said to him. Even three cosmic levels had bet on him. He would definitely become the final winner of this transcendent battle.

Thinking of Shi Yu’s confident tone, he was rather silent.

However, what made the observer familiar was still Shi Yu’s shameless style.

‘For your sake, I won’t fight with you anymore?’

What a joke.

If Shi Yu relied on his strength to fight for the transcendent origin, there was a reason why these competitors didn’t fight.

But now, the transcendent origin had inexplicably run to Shi Yu. Even if it was said that Shi Yu was very strong, there would definitely be countless competitors who were indignant and unconvinced.

After waiting for tens of thousands of years, a super high-quality transcendent origin that might not even appear once in an era… How could it not fight just like that?

Even after hearing the rumors about Shi Yu, many people realized Shi Yu’s strength. However, transcendent competition had never been a one-on-one battle.

If one person couldn’t defeat Shi Yu, then couldn’t hundreds or thousands of people with the battle power of the epoch god in this starry sky defeat Shi Yu?

It had always been that the person with the greatest hope of obtaining transcendent origin had to be enemies with all competitors.

Without the ability to become enemies with the entire universe, they weren’t qualified to obtain this source of transcendence.

In short, as long as they worked together to kill Shi Yu, the remaining people would compete.

It wasn’t that the one with the strongest individual battle power could become the final winner, but that the one who lived to the end of the transcendent battle and made all the geniuses in the starry sky convinced that they didn’t dare to fight that person again was the final winner.

“Why?”

“Shi Yu, right? No matter what crooked methods you used to attract the source of transcendence, you don’t deserve to have it without fighting.”

“Human, hand over the source of transcendence. This isn’t something you can obtain.”

“Everyone, attack together. No matter how strong he is, he won’t be a match for all of us. After dealing with him, we can compete normally.”

Noisy voices resounded through the starry sky.

“Although Shi Yu is strong, it’s almost impossible to convince these competitors who are also at the divine level like him.”

“In the face of this kind of opportunity that only happens once in a cosmic era, it’s worth it to fight with your life and not talk about virtue. Attacking with everyone is also worth it.”

“Not to mention, there’s also a group of old guys hidden in the dark.” The observer stood on the observation star and already felt an extremely oppressive atmosphere.

At that time, after Yu said that he would give him face, the competitors directly exploded and surrounded Shi Yu and the others.

However, although Shi Yu was surrounded by countless people, strangely, no one attacked yet.

Ordinary competitors were slightly afraid of Shi Yu because they had heard of Shi Yu’s battle results. The 13th heavenly layer might not be a big deal, but the battle results of defeating a transcendent level six were really too terrifying.

Most competitors’ guardian super divines didn’t have this strength either.

They were waiting for an opportunity to attack in a group.

Many people had already started to speak, bewitching everyone to attack together.

As for the old guys hidden in the dark, they also felt that this matter was a little strange. Shi Yu’s experience of seeing a cosmic overlord and a realm king had indeed played a role.

“Will Lord Cypos be behind this?” Two generals from the north, south, east, and west of the cosmic overlord army came. These two peak super divine experts were extremely serious.

“This guy is Shi Yu? He actually grew to this extent! No wonder he could kill Benos.” The peak super divine of the Yun Race, who was still fighting the Environmental Protection Army at the front line previously, looked at this human genius who had killed one of his generals with his dark gaze.

The Worm Nest, the Behemoth Empire, and some lone peak super divines were still watching.

In any case, Shi Yu couldn’t escape from the origin. The hunter would shoot the bird that sticks out, and now wasn’t the best time to enter.

They wanted to see how Shi Yu would deal with this scene.

“Kill!!!”

This situation was impossible to resolve peacefully. It was unknown who attacked first, or who shouted first, like a stone causing a thousand waves.

In an instant, countless phenomena appeared in the starry sky. There were phantoms of the 11th heavenly layer and the 12th heavenly layer. Countless powerful era auras spread on the ten thousand races in the starry sky. Top-notch laws appeared as if they were free, turning into a sea of laws.

Various divine skills and divine weapons appeared in their hands.

At this point, many people had already lost their rationality under the coercion of the crowd. The transcendent origin was everything. The dazzling divine light seemed to be competing with transcendent origin. In an instant, terrifying killing intent from all directions locked onto Shi Yu.