Chapter 1790 - Chapter 1790: Transcendent Origin (3)

Chapter 1790: Transcendent Origin (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

He came from the Worm Mother Nest. His family had signed a contract with a Worm Spider Race for generations. He was once determined to get the transcendent origin, but many people had already discovered the abnormality of the transcendent origin this time.

“Wu.”

“Go, go. Seeing that you bought two of my rocks, I’ll give you a piece of advice. Don’t come into this muddy water this time, or you won’t even know how you died. A little guy like you doesn’t even have the chance to become an old man like me to have fun,” the old man said with a wave of his hand.

“No chance at all?” The spider-striped young man’s expression changed.

“It’s very difficult,” the old man said. “I don’t plan to get involved in this mess this time. It’s too scary. However, business still has to be done. Come, come, come, who else wants to buy it?”

Everyone’s expressions changed slightly. Some super divine guardians hidden in the dark beside the divine-level geniuses also had serious expressions. Even this observer said so?

“Then who do you think has the greatest hope of competing for this source of transcendence this time?” A green giant ape that had shrunk before daring to descend to observe the star asked.

“On account that you also bought a stone, I’ll make an irresponsible guess.” The old man laughed and said, “As everyone knows, the source of transcendence naturally condensed in the universe is fundamentally different from the source of transcendence that fell.”

“The fallen source of transcendence no longer has any spirituality or vitality. It has already been completely refined by others. At this moment, whoever picks it up can use it.”

“However, the source of transcendence naturally condensed by the universe is like a new small cosmic consciousness. It will choose its ‘master’.”

“In the past, you guys might be its candidates. No matter what, it has to decide the strongest before it takes the initiative to find it from the cosmic flower bud. As for some old guys, they’re restricted by face and other pressure. They might not interfere too much in your battle.”

“But this time, don’t even think about it. After you guys finish fighting, everyone will join the battle together. Even if a talented divine-level is the first to obtain the recognition of the transcendent origin, he will definitely be intercepted in the end. After all, the quality of the transcendent origin this time is too good.”

“I reckon that the transcendent origin this time should fall into the hands of a life form that has reached the peak of the super divine level,” he said.

“Huh? No one’s buying anymore?”

“That’s true. You’ve already bought what is needed. Let’s close the stall and talk about it tomorrow.”

“Remember to bring enough money next time.”

Under the silent expressions of the surrounding people, the observer picked up the stall and sighed before walking into the ruined alley.

He took a step without a shadow and quickly crossed an unknown distance. However, as he walked, he suddenly stopped and looked at the sky.

“So many super divine stones.”

A young man in a black archeological suit and a black cloak appeared in the sky under the protection of two beautiful foreign races that emitted a super divine aura.

“But I seem to be a little late. The stall has already closed.” After Shi Yu found the observer, he was the first to not be attracted by the observer. Instead, he was attracted by his dozens of super divine stones. Good lord, was this guy a super divine stone wholesaler? He had saved up for so long, but he had only saved eight pieces. He had to gather two more pieces to get ten pieces to open consecutively. He had yet to do so, but this guy actually had so many pieces?

“Kid, do you want to buy a few pieces?” When the observer saw Shi Yu, a glint subconsciously flashed in his dim eyes.

“As for you, I can make an exception. I’ll sell you a few pieces during non-transaction time.”

“A few pieces… don’t feel good enough.” Shi Yu touched his chin and said, “I really want to buy all of them, but unfortunately, I don’t have that much money.”

“Why don’t we do this? I’ll make an appointment. Help me keep it,” Shi Yu said. “After I finish this battle, I’ll buy your stone when I return. I’ll buy it at 1.1 times your previous price. I’ll take as much as you have.”

“Is this how you do business?” The gem cat couldn’t help but say. Wastrel, shouldn’t the wholesale price be cheaper?

“You’re also here to fight for the transcendent origin, and you look like you’re determined to win. After this, can I still see you alive?” the observer asked.

“I’ll keep it for you. It’s not for nothing.”

Shi Yu said, “Of course. If you’re worried, you can help to ensure that I’m not killed when I fight for the transcendent origin. This way, I can come and buy rocks later.”

At the side, the gem cat and the Prediction Owl were speechless. If they were in the last era, they would probably be able to hear Shi Yu’s plans.

So the old man had to protect Shi Yu from being beaten to death if he wanted to sell him things?

“Hahahaha.” The observer old man laughed and said, “As expected of the strongest divine-level in the universe. To be able to defeat a monster who has transcended the middle stage with the 13th heavenly layer of the divine level, you’re indeed more interesting than those guys. If it were in the past, I would have bet on you. Unfortunately, it’s too dangerous this time.”

“Although you’re very strong, this time, it’s inappropriate.”

“I thought that as the observer, you would be very powerful. As expected, your horizons are still inferior to the cosmic level.” Shi Yu shook his head.

“Huh?” The observer said, “What do you mean?”

“It’s nothing. Even the World King, the cosmic overlord, and even the sixth cosmic life form bet on me. I think I’ll definitely become a super divine this time,” Shi Yu said.

The observer was silent.

The gem cat and the cosmic owl were stunned. Good lord, Shi Yu really dared to say it.

“You’re lying to me, right? Let’s go, let’s go. I won’t play mind games with you young people anymore.” The observer carried his bag and continued walking.