Chapter 1793 - Chapter 1793: Focus Of The Starry Sky (2)

Chapter 1793: Focus of the Starry Sky (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The Environmental Protection Army had its information. It was said that this guy was one of the proudest research results of the crazy biologists of the Dark King Army in recent years. He was even an experimental subject praised by the Dark King. He was a pollutant creature that combined the characteristics of the eight pollution races.

This guy’s level was also the epoch god, but the terrifying aura emitted from its body was not inferior to the Dark Universe Behemoth and the purple antman.

“Grandpa, I finally know why you didn’t let me compete for the transcendent origin this time…” Ting Yu stood on the battleship. Just sensing the terrifying aura from all directions made her tremble.

“Our cosmic overlord army also has such a monster?”

“Of course… Apart from the Shi Yu you know, there are also many monsters sleeping in the cosmic overlord army in places like the Land of Sleep. For example, I only know one guy whose strength is very close to theirs. Its name is Bu Lu and it’s also a cosmic behemoth… Unfortunately, that guy’s luck is a little bad. It has never come to the Cosmic Sea…”

At that moment, the transcendent divine realm finally became lively from the silence. At this moment, Shi Yu sensed that the transcendent origin had already taken shape. He finally walked out of Little Zi’s body and stood in the starry sky. He looked at the chaotic starry sky and sighed in his heart.

At this moment, although they were still in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, every pet of Shi Yu felt the crazy summoning from the origin just like those geniuses.

It seemed to also want them to compet.

However, Eleven and the others understood that the transcendent origin this time belonged to Shi Yu. Moreover, according to the World King, the quality of the transcendent origin this time was so high that even if the Beast Tamer absorbed it, it could be fed back to the pet. Then, there was even less need for them to compete alone.

As long as they assisted Shi Yu in obtaining the transcendent origin, everything would be fine.

“Generally speaking, as long as you display absolute strength among competitors recognized by the transcendent origin and become the strongest existence among the competitors, you can attract the transcendent origin out of the cosmic consciousness.”

Ling said, “The source of transcendence can increase the level of life after fusion. It can modify the body and make it more sensitive to the power of space and time. It’s also a recognition of the cosmic will. It’s a ‘high-level life form’ recognized by the cosmic will. With this, we’re not afraid of the lightning tribulation.”

“Interesting. As expected of a transcendent origin. I can also sense its desire. It seems to want me to absorb it very much,” Shi Yu said. “Oh? Something seems to be wrong.”

Shi Yu didn’t want to join the battle too early. He wasn’t interested in the title of “strongest divine-level” at all. This was because no matter which divine-level attracted the transcendent origin, in the end, they still had to experience the cruel competition of the second round. They definitely couldn’t absorb it steadily.

In that case, he would directly wait for the second round of the battle. He would let these divine-levels fight on their own in the first round.

However, things didn’t go according to plan. Shi Yu had yet to attack. Shi Yu’s attraction to transcendent origins seemed to be even greater than transcendent origins for other divine-levels.

At this moment, under everyone’s shocked gazes, the transcendent origin that was still in the nurturing of the cosmic consciousness and wrapped in the cosmic will emitted a dazzling light. The power of space and time circulated on it, and life aura bloomed. Under the entanglement of countless laws, it actually directly left the cosmic will for the first time and came to the outside world.

Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned. This was because the epoch gods who had been recognized by the source had yet to start fighting at all. The strongest expert had yet to be decided. All the casualties were just small fights. Why did this thing come out?

This didn’t make sense.

What exactly happened?

Or rather, the condensation of the source of transcendence this time was already unbelievable. What happened at this moment was even more unbelievable.

Moreover, in an instant, many competitors sensed that the source of transcendence no longer summoned them. The fluctuations that attracted them previously had completely disappeared, as if it had abandoned them and thrown themselves into the arms of others.

As everyone was stunned, they saw that this source of transcendence, the highest quality in history, suddenly crossed space and time and flew towards a white and purple star, as if it had already found its owner.

In the blink of an eye, the source of transcendence floated above the white and purple star, above Shi Yu, who was standing in the starry sky.

At this moment, Shi Yu felt that he was being watched by the entire universe.

There was confusion, shock, anger…

“Oh well, this expression of being deprived of something important…” Shi Yu also scratched his head helplessly, as if something was wrong. At this moment, Ling had also analyzed what was going on.

“Master, firstly, it’s because you’re too strong. We’re too strong. In the eyes of the cosmic will, we’ve already completely crushed all competitors. We’re not in the same dimension at all, so it has no choice at all.”

“Secondly, there are traces of the last era on our bodies. This is a very repulsive thing for the cosmic consciousness. According to Teacher Lily, there’s only one way to not be rejected by the cosmic consciousness, which is to fuse with the source of transcendence naturally born in the universe. This is equivalent to the universe using its own power to turn us into life forms of this era. At that time, we don’t have to withstand the lightning tribulation anymore.”

“The Empress, fusing with the source of transcendence, and cultivating the power system of this era again is also to avoid being rejected by the cosmic will.”