Chapter 1800 - Chapter 1800: The Seventh Cosmic Emperor (2)

Chapter 1800: The Seventh Cosmic Emperor (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

When the two peak super divines attacked, the white star wrapped in the purple star ring nebula under Shi Yu suddenly opened its purple eyes and emitted endless killing intent.

With a boom, the power of the universe around it was compressed to the extreme. It advanced to a high-level planet in one go, which was the super divine realm. A terrifying aura wave completely erupted, shocking the star domain.

Initially, no one cared about this star at all, but as this star suddenly broke through to super divine, everyone realized that this planet seemed to have an indescribable connection with Shi Yu.

Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng… Their power seemed to be flowing continuously into this star, making it grow purple round hands and feet in the huge starry sky of the universe.

It was very similar to a cartoon image Shi Yu had seen in his previous life, just that the stars were in white and purple.

At this moment, after Little Zi Star advanced and borrowed the power of the entire team through the Star Contract, its battle power instantly reached an unprecedented strongest, even exceeding the mecha that Shi Yu and the others had fused previously.

Under the confused gazes of the entire starry sky, under the focused gaze of the King of the Yun Race and the ninth son of the Worm Queen, it waved its round arm.

“Buzz…”

At this moment, light flickered on Susu’s body. Tens of billions of Star Sea Sprite projections appeared in the star world in Little Zi’s body. They used the Star Sea Contract and the origin wave together. This power swept out, directly making the expression of God Bing Ling in the distance change. She suddenly looked over.

A dazzling Sea of Stars wave swept over. The attack of the King of the Yun Race and the ninth son of the worm was instantly cleansed and annihilated. At the same time, the surging Sea of Stars wave was like a tsunami, instantly devouring everything at a speed that far exceeded the speed of light.

Boom!!!

The expression of the King of the Yun Race changed drastically. It didn’t understand what was going on at all. It felt that its body had suffered a very terrifying injury, and the pressure was even dozens of times greater than when it faced Bing Ling of the Environmental Protection Corps.

“No…”

In an instant, it felt that the traces of its life were being cleansed and worn down.

Apart from it, the polluted creatures that had descended were also quickly devoured by the origin purification wave that had brewed Shi Yu’s entire team’s power attack. Such a terrifying power made them unable to react at all. Without the power of a peak super divine, they could be said to have instantly turned into nothingness after coming into contact.

“Ah!!!!!”

Dozens of miserable cries resounded through the starry sky, shocking everyone and making everyone’s hair stand on end. When the dazzling light of the Sea of Stars descended, how could there be so many shadows of the abyss super divine? Only the source of transcendence that filled the sky was left. All the pollution aura was cleansed.

What was terrifying was that even the figure of the King of the Yun Race, who was at the peak of the super divine level, had disappeared without a trace.

At this moment, in the Contaminated Land, a terrifying figure suddenly opened its eyes. It was just about to move, but in the next moment, a terrifying psychic wave enveloped the entire Contaminated Land, covering a fifth of the universe’s starry sky, making the dark figure’s expression change.

When its vision returned to the Cosmic Sea, the ninth son of the Worm Queen, who wasn’t a polluted creature, escaped a calamity. It was only heavily injured and didn’t die. The other super divines were the same. However, their current state wasn’t much better. The Queen’s ninth son dragged its broken body. As one of the main targets of the attack just now, it was in a sorry state. Under the painful wails of its soul, mind, spirit, and body, it tore and shouted as it looked at Little Zi Star in disbelief.

“Who are you?”

“Impossible.”

Killing dozens of super divines in one hit, including a peak super divine and several high-level super divines. Little Zi’s slap just now already had the demeanor of a cosmic level and could destroy everything in the world. If the super divines who died just now could still have any thoughts, they definitely wouldn’t believe that they were killed in such an instant. There was clearly a peak super divine taking the lead, so why did they still die so miserably?

A slap to cleanse dozens of super divines could no longer describe the horror of this scene with words. Those weren’t the main cleansing targets, but the super divines who were only affected. Just recalling the scene of countless super divines being cleansed into nothingness beside them just now began to produce an extremely strong fear in their hearts. It was like a nightmare, and the scene just now kept appearing in their minds.

No one expected Shi Yu to still be so calm in the face of the siege of so many super divines.

Just as the ninth son of the Worm Queen asked, many people looked at Little Zi in shock and at this strange star. No one expected that the divine-level star that they had ignored at the start would suddenly erupt with such terrifying strength.

“Little Zi Stars, Shi Yu’s tenth pet.”

“Enemy, die.” Little Zi’s voice resounded in the starry sky, making everyone feel that it was unbelievable.

The ninth son of the Worm Queen even revealed a ridiculous expression.

What a joke. A super divine planet was the pet of a divine-level Beast Tamer?

Before it could analyze whether this ridiculous statement was true or false, Little Zi’s star ring suddenly disappeared, and Yin Yang clueless colors appeared inside. Like a spinning Taiji Painting, the Yin Yang Millstone that Devoured everything flew over and enveloped the sky above the ninth son of the Worm Queen.

Inside, it was black and white clueless, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious. Everything around it seemed to have turned into chaos, disintegrating and being obliterated.