Chapter 608 - Phoenix Shrine (3)

“Apart from that, the spiritual plants on the mountain are also unique. They’re rare in the outside world.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu said, “I heard that the witches of the Phoenix Shrine are all mixed-blood?”

He had been curious about this for a long time. Even in Dong Huang, apart from Mu Huiyin and the empress, he had never heard of anyone being a phoenix hybrid.

Why were there so many on the seven islands?

Could it be that the hybrid faction of the Phoenix Race escaped from Dong Huang to the seven islands?

This was also a possibility.

Dong Huang’s geographical area was incomparably vast, many times larger than the seven islands. As for Dong Huang, it was the center of the totem battle in ancient times and a place to fight for. Therefore, at that time, in order to leave the center of the war, many Beast Tamers fled to relatively barren and peaceful places.

Not far away, Old Ke was researching this. The Dong Huang bloodline was distributed in the dozen or so totem countries near Dong Huang.

Therefore, it was completely possible for a portion of the Phoenix Race to escape to other countries during the internal strife of the Phoenix Race.

“Yes. They’re all the same as me. The difference is just the density of their bloodlines and their compatibility with the Phoenix bloodline,” the Phoenix Court said.

“At that time, after my teacher came out of the Phoenix Mystic Realm, she began to study how to increase the purity of her Phoenix bloodline. After ten years of hard work, she developed a resource called the Phoenix Fruit. This fruit can not only give a specific human Phoenix bloodline and make it a hybrid, but it can also strengthen the bloodline concentration of the Phoenix species pets. The entire Phoenix God Society was built relying on the special resource, the Phoenix Fruit.”

These were not secrets. She told Shi Yu bit by bit, making Shi Yu’s expression change slightly.

Phoenix Fruit?!

“There’s such a resource?” Shi Yu found it very unbelievable.

Back then, the information obtained by the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others didn’t mention such a thing.

“This is the fruit of Teacher’s hard work, but unfortunately, after creating countless keys through the Phoenix Fruit, the Phoenix Divine Society still can’t crack the Phoenix Mystic Realm,” the Phoenix Court said. “Although, it has cultivated many outstanding mixed-blood Beast Tamers.”

She smiled and said, “If it weren’t for Teacher, I would never have such achievements, let alone reach level seven at this age through the Phoenix bloodline.”

“Senior of the Phoenix Court is really impressive…” Shi Yu said.

If this were Dong Huang, this person could at least get a high position in Bureau 12!

Bureau 12, hybrid bureau!

In Dong Huang, there were many mixed-blood Beast Tamer families.

Apart from some Beast Tamers with rare bloodlines, those who could join this bureau were basically the patriarchs of some mixed-blood families or successors with extremely high potential. For example, Ning Tianming was the heir of a large family.

Their status in the hybrid world was important, and they were a very important part of Dong Huang’s Beast Taming power.

However, until now, apart from normal reproduction, Dong Huang had no stable way to create mixed-blood Beast Tamers.

The Phoenix Fruit developed by the owner of this Phoenix Shrine could actually steadily create Beast Tamers with the Phoenix bloodline in batches?

No matter how weak the bloodline was, mixed blood still had a certain advantage over ordinary Beast Tamers!

[I can let Baby Ginseng and Ling study it someday. They can even develop strange things like the Soul Heart Fruit and the Reincarnation Fruit. There’s no reason why they can’t develop the hybrid fruit…]

[At that time, I might be able to use this research result to enter Bureau 12 and take a look.]

Shi Yu muttered to himself.

“Why, are you very interested in the Phoenix Fruit?” Jie Yi said.

“I’m indeed very interested. I wonder if my body can become better after becoming a hybrid…” Shi Yu coughed dryly and revealed a weak expression.

“Unfortunately,” the Phoenix Court said. “The Phoenix Fruit is only effective for women, and not on any woman. Apart from the hard condition of being a virgin, probably only one in a million people has the corresponding compatibility.”

Shi Yu: “Cough, cough, cough.”

He wanted to say: “Give me the fruit cultivation method. I’ll help you study and optimize it!”

He trembled in anger. When could the male Beast Tamer stand up?

Men could also have the Phoenix bloodline!

If Shi Yu wanted to, he could let Chi Tong transform him into a hybrid through max-level possession.

However, Shi Yu was afraid that something bad would happen to his body, such as his entire body being covered in red feathers, causing his later years to be inauspicious, so he didn’t have this thought.

In short, let Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and Ling study the fruit… Perhaps it could really be optimized!

“That’s a pity,” Shi Yu said.

“But maybe in the future, the Phoenix God Shrine can develop a way to make men become Phoenix Race hybrids.” Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court smiled and said, “If you still have any thoughts at that time, you can come and find me.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled.

“By the way.” Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court looked at Shi Yu and said, “This time, apart from showing you around the Phoenix God Society, I also want to fight a Beast Taming Battle with you. It can be considered a response to the missions of those higher-ups.”

“Battle?” Shi Yu said. “What you’re talking about shouldn’t be a simple battle, right…”

“Yes, there’s a bet.”

“If I win, you’ll date me.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu immediately grabbed the railing and said, “Then I’m sorry. After becoming a Beast Tamer, I’ve never lost a battle. I won’t lose.”