Chapter 607 - Phoenix Shrine (2)

At this moment, when he heard his master say that he wanted to send them to some Phoenix Mystic Realm, he immediately said, “Are we going to start cracking the ruins mystic realm of the seven islands? So our first goal is this Phoenix Mystic Realm?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“With Bureau 11’s ‘Old Ke’ as the core…” Zheng Hai said,” What do I have to do. ”

“You?” Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “Just follow Lu Bai to discuss business. There’s no need to do anything.”

Make a good relationship with this guy so that he wouldn’t kill you!!

Tyrannical Sea Legend was really worried that his disciple would suffer from Shi Yu. After all, for Shi Yu to be able to get so many legendary resources from the association, he was definitely not easy to deal with.

Zheng Hai : “…”

…

Because the member of the Dong Huang exchange team, “Lu Bai”, had been invited by the Phoenix Witch of the seven islands, “The Phoenix Court”, to visit the Phoenix God Shrine, the Dong Huang exchange team decided to form a special exchange team and go together.

Legendary Beast Tamer, archeologist Ke Yingzong of Bureau 11, quasi legendary Beast Tamer, Sect Master Zheng Hai of the Binhai Training Hall, and Shi Yu himself. It was a very simple combination of three.

Of course, there was definitely the gem cat behind the scenes. However, most of Dong Huang’s own people didn’t know that the gem cat following them the whole time was Dong Huang’s guardian, let alone the seven islands.

The next day, the challenge on the road to champion continued. Today, Ning Tianming, who was a hybrid of human and ghost, continued to challenge. As for Dong Huang’s special exchange team, they had already set off for the Red God Island and the Phoenix God Society.

On the ocean and the huge ship, Zheng Hai kept feeling that this special exchange team was strange, but he couldn’t tell what was strange.

“Old Ke, are we really going to explore the mystic realm?” He asked the archeologist from Bureau 11 beside him, Senior Ke Yingzong.

“What else?” Old Ke said.

“Why do I feel that it’s to prevent Brother Lu from being abducted!” Zheng Hai looked at Lu Bai and the Phoenix Court couple who were “romancing” side by side in the distance and felt confused and envious.

Wait, wait, wait, when did Lu Bai hook up with the Phoenix Court, the number three on the seven islands?

Compared to exploring the mystic realm, why did he feel that the goal of the Dong Huang exchange team this time was to look after “Lu Bai”?

Damn it, why didn’t the seven islands send someone to use a honey trap on him?

He also wanted to challenge his weakness.

“Look at yourself…” Old Master Ke shook his head.

He didn’t believe that Shi Yu would be swayed by beauty in front of a Phoenix Race ruins mystic realm. The will of their Bureau 11 archeologists… was definitely firm!

Ruins! Ruins! Ruins!

Women would only delay their speed of tearing down the ruins!

“If anyone’s getting abducted, it should be us who abducts that little girl to Dong Huang.” Old Master Ke was a person with great ambition.

The Phoenix Divine Society was established to protect and worship the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

As long as they moved the Phoenix Mystic Realm to Dong Huang, the Phoenix Shrine would also move to Dong Huang. It was very reasonable for a group of witches to marry into Dong Huang.

This Zheng Hai had definitely never heard of a popular idiom in Bureau 11.

Because Shi Yu, a newcomer to Bureau 11, had cracked the mystic realm of the ruins too quickly after joining Bureau 11. In Bureau 11, the saying that “times had changed” had been circulating for a long time… It was probably no exception this time.

However, he wasn’t sure if they could do it this time. Hopefully it wasn’t a demolition.

“Ah…”

Zheng Hai, who didn’t know the purpose of this trip and Shi Yu’s identity, only felt deep confusion.

…

“I didn’t expect you to make a decision so quickly. I thought you still had to think for a while.” On the huge ship, Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court, who was wearing a witch suit, looked at the sea and said in surprise.

“It’s mainly because Senior Ke from the exchange team was very interested after hearing about the Phoenix Mystic Realm and couldn’t wait to explore it,” Shi Yu coughed dryly and said weakly.

His short white hair fluttered, and she looked like she was about to die in the next moment, making Jie Yi, who was beside her, a little panicked.

She was afraid that “Lu Bai” would suddenly fall beside her.

In that case, it would make it seem like she was here to “assassinate” Lu Bai.

“Is that so?” Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court forced a smile and said, “However, I have to remind you in advance that although the Phoenix Mystic Realm is also an unsolved mystic realm, it’s still fundamentally different from other ruins.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu said. “Please elaborate.”

“My teacher has done sufficient research on this mystic realm. In this mystic realm, only humans with special phoenix bloodlines have any hope of communicating. It can be said that people of mixed blood are the key to cracking the Phoenix Mystic Realm.”

“Other methods can’t cause any changes in the Phoenix Mystic Realm, so compared to wasting too much time on the Phoenix Mystic Realm, my suggestion is that under my lead, we visit the Phoenix God Shrine and Phoenix Mountain more. The scenery here is still very beautiful,” the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi said.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

It was similar to what he had learned.

The Undying Dark Phoenix also said that Chi Tong’s bloodline was the key to opening the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

As for Chi Tong’s power, it was essentially a hybrid of a human and a phoenix. Although it was a heroic spirit now, the nature of its power would not change.

“Is there anything special over there?” Shi Yu asked again.

“Of course,” Jie Yi said. “On Phoenix Mountain, hundreds of phoenixes dance together. It’s filled with rich Mythical colors. It’s the most unique of the new shrines on the seven islands.”

“These are all pets of the witches in the shrine.”