Chapter 609 - Phoenix Shrine (4)

“Besides, what if I win?” Shi Yu asked.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi smiled. “If you don’t mind, I can also date you if you win.”

Shi Yu said, “I’m still more interested in the Phoenix Fruit. If I win, can you give me one?”

Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi: “?”

So he was really interested in the Phoenix Fruit?

She was silent for a moment. “Only teacher has the right to handle the Phoenix Fruit. If she agrees, it’s fine.”

Shi Yu said, “But speaking of which, according to what I know, the shrines on the seven islands should be the residences of various legendary Mythical creatures or the guardians of the seven islands… The Phoenix God Shrine established by your teacher enshrines and sacrifices…”

“Of course it’s the founder of this Phoenix Mystic Realm, the owner of this place,” Jie Yi said. “Teacher said that this mystic realm changed her fate. If not for this mystic realm, she would already be a dead person. In that case, she’s willing to worship the owner of the mystic realm as a guardian.”

More than ten years ago, no, even now, some rural areas of the seven countries were still very feudal.

The founder of the Phoenix Divine Temple, the legend of the seven islands, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court, came from a feudal countryside. At that time, this place had yet to change from the thoughts of the totem era.

They felt that they needed to carry out a “life sacrifice” to the gods every once in a while to obtain peace.

At that time, Ji Xiang and her pet from the Phoenix Court were the targets to be burned alive and sacrificed.

Because she didn’t want to die, Ji Xiang chose to escape.

At that time, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court was only a Beast Tamer intern. The outside world was incomparably dangerous, and ferocious beasts were everywhere. She was already mentally prepared to die in the mouth of ferocious beasts during her escape.

However, the truth was that as a Beast Tamer intern, she accidentally entered the Phoenix Mystic Realm during her escape and awakened her bloodline.

With this opportunity, she and her pet changed their fate. In just ten years, they became legends whose names shook the seven islands.

After that, in order to protect and explore the Phoenix Mystic Realm, she established the Phoenix Divine Society.

She had also changed her original surname to her current surname, Phoenix Court.

Ji Yi of the Phoenix Court knew this and knew her teacher’s experience, so she also sincerely protected the Phoenix Mystic Realm. However, although she was a teacher, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court was actually not much older than the group of witches of the Phoenix God Society. She was only in her thirties now, comparable to Legend Xiao Shuang of Dong Huang.

“Unfortunately, due to the serious break in the history of the seven islands, the origin of this mystic realm is already impossible to determine,” said Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court with a shake of her head.

Being unable to know the history of the Phoenix Mystic Realm had always been a knot in the Phoenix Court legend.

Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

Therefore, the one they worshiped was indeed the Undying Dark Phoenix.

If the Undying Dark Phoenix knew that it had accidentally obtained a large number of believers, who knew what it would think…

“I hope that through our offerings, the owner of the Phoenix Mystic Realm can appear one day,” the Phoenix Court said. “Through the power of faith.”

“That day will come…” Shi Yu was silent.

If the prophecy of the owl was accurate enough, one day… Chi Tong would probably break open the seal of the Undying Dark Phoenix.

However… there were actually believers of the Undying Dark Phoenix on the seven islands. This was a dangerous sign. Fortunately, there weren’t many believers.

The power of faith, this power, really existed.

No one knew the first creature to collect the power of faith, but many totems could be created to strengthen their skills through the power of faith. This was also why some totems had to establish countries and fight for territories and citizens.

Becoming a god through the power of faith was also a very widespread legend.

Although many powerful totems disdained this, such as Yun An, who completely relied on strength to attain the Dao, it was undeniable that this was also a path to become stronger. For example, the fox gods of the Heavenly Fox Nation around Dong Huang were totems that mainly collected the power of faith.

Even the legendary emperors of Dong Huang had studied the power of faith.

Even some transcendent creatures were born from the power of faith. For example, the Blue Sea Sprite was a combination of the power of faith and the power of the sea.

Therefore, this was also the third high-level ability that could be studied apart from optimizing races and creating skills.

If the Undying Dark Phoenix could also collect the power of faith to become stronger… Wouldn’t this Phoenix God Society be helping the Undying Dark Phoenix break through the seal in disguise?

No… He had to think of a way to break the power of faith of the Undying Dark Phoenix!