Chapter 601 - Second Team'S Construction (3)

“However, its growth speed is definitely inferior to Susu. This way, the danger can always be maintained in a controllable range.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“When it can ignore the influence of the Abyssal Demon Duck one day, escape from it, control it, and live its own life, I’ll give it freedom. Now, be a good fighter and experimental material!”

“Ning!!!” Susu’s eyes lit up. It promised to cleanse the Duckbill Beast into a good duck.

At that time, they would cooperate from the inside and attack the Abyss Sea!

“Wuu…” “Wu…” “Yi…”

The other pets looked at each other and fell into deep thought, instantly imagining a scene.

When the Abyss Sea revived again, under the lead of the Abyss Demon Duck and the Duck God, it was just about to fight the guardian of the Blue Sea Sprite to the death. Suddenly, the Abyss Demon Duck directly betrayed the Abyss… and became the number one lackey of the Blue Sea Sprite.

Abyss Sea: Why are you attacking us, your majesty?

“Quack…”

Just as Shi Yu and the others were harboring ill intentions, duck cries came from the other side again.

“Quack… (Kill or stew, do it quickly!)”

Swoosh.

Seeing this, Eleven and Baby Ginseng directly untied the restraints and cage, making Duckie widen its eyes in confusion.

“Cough.” Shi Yu looked at it solemnly and said, “Just like what you’ve experienced, there’s an evil existence that wants to possess you and replace your will. It’s our true enemy, and also your enemy. And you’re innocent. You don’t want to be its puppet, right?”

“The enemy of an enemy is a friend.”

“In that case, how about we help you become stronger and get rid of it?”

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and said, “From today onwards, we’re comrades.”

“Wuu!” “Wu!” “Yi!” “Mi!” “Ning!” “Hm…”

Duck Beak Beast: ???

Looking at the group of people who suddenly changed their expressions, Duck Duck fell into deep thought.

Although it didn’t know what was going on, it seemed like it didn’t have to die.

….

Next, Shi Yu and the others tricked the Duck Beak Beast for several hours.

Throughout the whole process, the duck’s expression was especially serious.

Shi Yu was right at the start. Even if the Duck Beak Beast was really the reincarnation of the Abyssal Demon Duck, so what? As an independent will, who wanted the will of their previous life to replace their current self?

If it were anyone else, they probably wouldn’t admit that they were still themselves in their previous life.

This was also why the inheritance mechanism of the Blue Sea Sprite only inherited the will and racial skills to protect the sea and not the memories.

Of course, this was only the inheritance mechanism of the Blue Sea Sprite. It didn’t mean that all pets would start again after reincarnation. For example, Zhong Xuan had said that after its reincarnation, it might awaken its memories. As for the Undying Dark Phoenix, it was actually a reincarnation. It also retained its memories.

Therefore, Shi Yu and the others couldn’t say for sure if the Duckbill Beast would awaken the memories of the Abyss Demon Duck later.

From the perspective of the Duckbill Beast, it was very unwilling to let some Abyss Demon Duck replace it. Therefore, although it had experienced humiliation at the hands of Shi Yu and the others, after several hours of brainwashing, the Duckbill Beast understood.

In the end, if it didn’t listen, it would definitely be made into soup.

Then it chose to follow Shi Yu and the others to cultivate and strive to control its fate!

“That’s right!”

Seeing that the Duckbill Beast was so smart, Shi Yu was very satisfied. From today onwards, Duck was a member of his team!

Well, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon had been working hard for so long. In addition, it might still be studied for a period of time and had invested a lot of resources. That mechanical Tyrant Dragon was also one of the members of the second team.

Shi Yu temporarily didn’t plan to contract or add points to them, but he would use other methods to help them grow.

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon naturally grew, became stronger, and evolved through continuous mechanical experiments.

As for the Duckbill Beast, the growth process was the process of constantly controlling the power of the Abyss Demon Duck in his previous life.

The upper limit of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s growth depended on the upper limit of Ling, while the upper limit of the Duck-billed Beast’s growth was at the demigod level. Therefore, in the end, the potential of the two of them was probably not bad.

After Shi Yu decided to start the second team, his mood was especially good. Alright, the team was going to be lively again. The mechanical Tyrant Dragon finally had a companion. Otherwise, Shi Yu would feel quite apologetic that the mechanical Tyrant Dragon had always been incompatible with other pets.

Now, it could make friends.

It was indeed lively…

As a member of the second team, the address of the Duck Beak Beast was built beside the address of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon by Shi Yu and the others.

Perhaps it was because they didn’t get along, or perhaps it was because they had just fought, but when the two pets met, their eyes were especially red.

“Roar!!! (I am the overlord of the earth!!)”

“Quack!!! (Earth? Earth belongs to the ocean!!)” The Duckbill Beast wearing the translator Ling glared at it. It finally knew what this guy was talking about. No wonder it was so unhappy with this guy.

The Duckbill Beast’s territorial awareness was very strong. Under the influence of its previous life’s will, its greatest obsession at the moment seemed to be transforming the ground into its own territory, water territory…

Buzz!

Swoosh!

The earth-yellow sharp blade and the water-blue sharp blade were condensed by the two pets.

“Roar!! (Space Splitting Sword!)”

“Quack!! (Water Blade!!)”

Boom!!!

In the distance, smoke rose.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. “The relationship is so good. Ling, look after the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, Susu, look after the Duck Beak Beast… As long as nothing happens.”

“Roger!” Ling nodded.

“Ning!!” Susu also nodded.

Rather than saying it was Shi Yu’s second team, it was more like it was Ling and Susu’s little brother.

An ancient phantom beast junior, an abyss demigod junior… Beside him, Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng revealed envious expressions.

Clone skills felt different from underlings with their own will.

“Mi!!” After thinking about it, Chi Tong decided to kill an undead puppet that retained its will later and join the big family of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon and the Abyssal Demon Duck as its sidekick.

“Yi…”

Baby Ginseng pondered for a moment and shook its head. Forget it, forget it. It should work hard to become the number one in the team first. At that time, it could directly let Buggy be its underling and form a dimensional reduction attack on Susu and Ling.

“Wuu!” Eleven also looked at Buggy. It had the same thought. What kind of underling was better and more functional than a tool worm?

Buggy: “?”

Bastard!! It was team one!! Stop thinking about squeezing it into team two!!