Chapter 613 - Secret Art Of Time (3)

The legendary faction of the Seven Islands was studying Yun An… This kind of thing was clearly about to happen. Dong Huang didn’t know, but at least Dragon Palace City had long wanted to extort the Seven Islands. They just didn’t have evidence previously.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This time, the Environmental Protection Department caught the evidence and even sent it back to Dragon Palace City. If Shi Yu’s judgment was right, it shouldn’t be long before several totem-level Dragon Kings came to the Seven Islands to take a look and see if they could compensate for the loss of mental pollution.

The Seven Islands… were about to be in turmoil. Who would care about a small master like him?

He wanted to lay the foundation for Shi Yu’s information. Perhaps in the future, he would have the chance to deceive the Phoenix God Shrine into joining Dong Huang as a member of Bureau 12. After all, the other party worshiped the Undying Dark Phoenix, and he was the designated heir of the Undying Dark Phoenix!!

If the other party’s faith was sincere enough, they would split the grave to save their mother.

“Moreover… a friend I know also contracted a phoenix bloodline pet, so he’s also a little concerned about these aspects,” Shi Yu said.

“I see,” Ji Xiang said and nodded at Shi Yu. Although this Lu Bai looked a little sick, his strength and knowledge looked pretty good. He was worthy of Jie Yi.

Unfortunately, if it was the combination of Shi Yu and Jie Yi that the other party mentioned, it might be even more perfect.

But Ji Xiang also knew that that was unrealistic.

She didn’t know his strength, but in terms of talent, that Shi Yu was definitely better than Lu Bai. Jie Yi probably couldn’t come into contact with such a super genius protected by Dong Huang.

“Jie Yi, when are you guys getting married?” the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court asked.

“Pfft…” Old Ke and Zheng Hai almost spat out their tea.

“Cough.” Shi Yu himself almost choked.

Holy shit, this legend of the Phoenix Court was even more direct than this witch.

The Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi also coughed and said, “Teacher, how can progress be that fast? I still have an unfinished battle with Lu Bai. If I win, he’s willing to date me.”

Ke Yingzong and Zheng Hai: ???

The two of them opened their mouths wide and looked at Shi Yu. Holy shit, did someone really seduce him?

They suspected that Shi Yu/Lu Bai would deliberately lose.

Wait, they shouldn’t even talk about whether it was intentional or not. The opponent was at least third place on the Seven Islands, a quasi legend. How could he dare to agree? Was he thinking that it wouldn’t be a loss whether he won or lost?

“Is that so?” Ji Xiang was surprised. “Then when are you preparing to fight?”

The Phoenix Court said, “Anytime, but I can’t agree to Lu Baijun’s request. His bet is that if he wins, he wants the Phoenix Fruit cultivated by the Phoenix God Society.”

Phoenix Fruit!

Upon hearing this bet, Ji Xiang’s expression immediately became serious. She looked at Shi Yu and said, “You want our Phoenix Shrine’s Phoenix Fruit?”

“It’s not like it’s something that can’t be used as a bet, but what do you want it for?”

The Phoenix Fruit was a rare spiritual fruit that she had researched for ten years with a plant-type pet with the Phoenix bloodline and her own bloodline power. It could be called an “exclusive secret manual”.

Not only could it give a specific human Phoenix bloodline, but it could also purify the racial strength of the Phoenix bloodline pet. It could be said to be the foundation of the Phoenix God Society. Even the witches here found it very difficult to obtain one.

“You probably don’t want to become a hybrid Beast Tamer yourself, right?” Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court looked at the sickly Shi Yu and said.

As long as a mixed-blood Beast Tamer could survive, their physical fitness, lifespan, and cultivation speed were a little stronger than ordinary Beast Tamers. Looking at Shi Yu’s dead appearance, it wasn’t impossible for him to have thoughts about mixed-blood bloodlines.

“How could that be?” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Miss Jie Yi has already told me the conditions to become a hybrid.”

“I think if it’s because a friend of mine has a pet with the bloodline of the Phoenix, I heard that the Phoenix Fruit is a rare resource to increase the bloodline of the Phoenix Race. I want to give one to her.”

This saying was clearly more normal in everyone’s ears.

“Her?” But soon, Jie Yi discovered the blind spot.

A woman?

She used “love” as a bet, but he was thinking about another woman?

Although she originally didn’t have any emotional foundation for “Lu Bai” and only worshiped the strong, at this moment, the corners of the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi’s mouth couldn’t help but twitch. She clenched her fists and had the urge to beat Shi Yu up.

It was decided.

After defeating Shi Yu, she would date him for a day and immediately dump him to become a woman he could never have.

“Sure.” At this moment, Ji Xiang from the Phoenix Court nodded and said, “Alright, if you can defeat Jie Yi, I’ll give you a Phoenix Fruit.”

“Thank you.” Shi Yu was immediately excited when he heard that.

A Phoenix Fruit…

He wondered if Ling, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng could develop a replica through research.

After researching it, he would give it to Senior Lu. If the research failed, it would be fine.

“Then let’s fight now,” the Phoenix Court said. “The rules, double, is that acceptable?”

“Double?”

“Yes,” Jie Yi said.

Although she had contracted many pets, two of them were the strongest and had the best cooperation. At the same time, her Beast Taming Talent’s current limit was to stimulate the power of both pets at the same time. Therefore, the double rule was the most beneficial rule for her.