Chapter 612 - Secret Art Of Time (2)

Therefore, when the higher-ups of the Seven Islands looked for the Phoenix God Shrine, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court was not in a hurry to refuse. Instead, she fought for the opinion of the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi. The Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi was not a weakling anymore. This kind of thing naturally should be taken into consideration by Jie Yi herself. Fortunately, the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi was also interested in the strong.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court didn’t expect that this girl would use the Phoenix Mystic Realm as a date venue and bait him.

“Forget it, this isn’t important. I also have some questions I want to ask Legend Ke.” Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court shook her head. In any case, in her opinion, it was impossible for this group of people to crack the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

After she became a legend, she went to various places to train, including the seven countries and the totem country. According to what she knew, in the seven countries, their Phoenix Divine Society was the only one with mixed blood. Therefore, the only possibility of cracking the Phoenix Mystic Realm was still on them.

Although Dong Huang used dragons and phoenixes as totems, it was mainly hybrids of humans and dragons. They were known as the successors of dragons, but no one was a phoenix hybrid.

“What?” Ke Yingzong felt that it should be about the Phoenix Race.

“According to what I know, although Dong Huang doesn’t have the mixed blood of the Phoenix Race anymore, in ancient times, that legendary Beast Tamer known as the empress was a mixed blood of the Phoenix Race. Therefore, I want to ask Legend Ke if he knows the related origin of the mixed blood of the Phoenix.”

“I know that.” Before Senior Ke Yingzong could answer, Shi Yu answered first, making Ji Xiang look at Shi Yu in surprise.

Shi Yu said, “I’ve only heard of it, but I don’t know its accuracy.”

“Tell me about it.”

Shi Yu said, “More than two thousand years ago, the development of the Phoenix Race fell into a certain bottleneck. A voice appeared in the Phoenix Race. The power of the bloodline is about to be given to some humans with suitable physiques to break this bottleneck with humans with the Phoenix bloodline.”

“However, because the growth of hybrids requires too many resources and the Phoenix Race has many members who pursue the purity of their bloodline, two factions have been divided in the race.”

“One side supports the hybrid human plan, while the other side firmly opposes humans sharing the resources of the Phoenix Race. From this, the Phoenix Race’s internal strife was born. Many mixed-blood humans were chased by the purebloods. Some died, and others escaped.”

“The internal strife lasted for thousands of years. In the end, the hybrid faction gained the upper hand. The Empress of Dong Huang was said to be the strongest among the mixed-blood Beast Tamers at that time, and the origin of the Phoenix Race’s mixed-blood was also Dong Huang. If Senior Phoenix Court is curious about your identity, you might be able to go to Dong Huang in the future to take a look too.”

“Perhaps your ancestor was the Dong Huang person who escaped from the Phoenix Race’s internal strife back then,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

After he finished speaking, Senior Ke, who was beside him, exclaimed was shocked. This guy was just starting off with that right off the bat?

He didn’t just want to take away the mystic realm, right? He also wanted to move the entire Phoenix God Society to Dong Huang!

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Ji Xiang’s expression changed. She didn’t expect that she could really obtain some secrets from the Dong Huang people that she didn’t know before. However, just as Shi Yu had said, even he didn’t know if this was true or false. Ji Xiang didn’t immediately believe it.

At the side, Jie Yi from the Phoenix Court also opened her mouth slightly. “Lu Bai” said that Teacher’s ancestor might be from Dong Huang?

“Is this Dong Huang’s archeological discovery?” Ji Xiang from the Phoenix Court asked. “You can’t determine the accuracy because there’s no evidence?”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “There’s no conclusive evidence.”

“But actually, the discoverer himself is decisive evidence. The Beast Tamer who discovered this secret is said to be the genius archeologist of Dong Huang, Shi Yu. He has already made several epoch-making archeological discoveries in Dong Huang. With his qualifications, the authenticity of this statement should be very high.”

“Shi Yu…” It wasn’t the first time Ji Xiang had heard this name.

“Did Shi Yu discover this too??” Beside him, Zheng Hai was very shocked. But soon, he came to a realization and said, “Yes, the heroic spirit contracted by Brother Shi Yu, General Mu Huiyin, is also a hybrid of a human and a phoenix. It’s not strange for him to know some inside information.”

“Mu Huiyin, heroic spirit? What’s that?” Ji Xiang asked.

Although the higher-ups of the Seven Islands Association had investigated Shi Yu, Ji Xiang didn’t know much about him.

Therefore, the saying that Dong Huang didn’t have mixed blood now was actually an old version.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s said that the fourth pet of Shi Yu, the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, is a heroic spirit formed by an ancient sage. That sage is also a hybrid of a human and a phoenix.”

Ji Xiang was stunned. So, there was a hybrid in Dong Huang now?

Soon, she shook her head. It didn’t mean much. Not every hybrid was related to the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

There were so many mixed-blood Beast Tamers in the Phoenix Divine Society, but they still couldn’t open the mystic realm.

Moreover, they had already turned into undead. They shouldn’t have any bloodline concept anymore.

She looked at Shi Yu and said, “You know this Shi Yu very well.”

Shi Yu said, “With his reputation in Dong Huang, everyone should know him. It can be said that the younger generation of Dong Huang lives under his light.”

Zheng Hai: !

The corners of Old Master Ke Yingzong’s mouth twitched crazily. Was this f*cking guy done? His alternate identity was about to fall, fall!!

What Old Master Ke didn’t know was that Shi Yu no longer cared about the identity at this moment because he already had a premonition that the relationship between the Red God Island, or rather, the Seven Islands, would immediately become tense.