Chapter 610 - Yun An And The Dragon Palace Environmental Protection Department

The destination of the Dong Huang exchange team, Red God Island.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There weren’t many legendary factions on this island. There were only five.

The Phoenix Shrine was one of the new legendary factions.

Apart from that, there was also a relatively new legendary faction, the Ke Yuan Financial Group.

This was a technological faction. It involved many industries such as medicine, healing, life engineering, and biological modification, including many top-secret plans that couldn’t be made public…

….

The huge ship from Heavenly Rainbow Island to Red God Island slowly approached the shore. Shi Yu looked at the huge island in front of him that was like a continent and was already prepared to fight.

However, just as he was getting closer and closer to the island, he suddenly sensed something and was slightly stunned.

“This wave is…”

After being stunned for a moment, Shi Yu asked the gem cat to use its clone to investigate the situation.

At the same time.

Somewhere in the depths of the sea area of the Red God Island, a group of hidden sea creatures was on standby.

Among this group of sea creatures, there were two overlords and more than ten monarchs. They basically had spatial, spiritual, and undead attributes. Their lineup was incomparably luxurious. If they worked together, they could instantly cause a huge and nasty impact on the Red God Island.

However, this group of sea creatures hid very well. The investigation methods of the Seven Islands couldn’t discover their traces.

This group of sea creatures also thought that they had hidden very well. They dived into the dark deep sea to rest and didn’t notice that a totem clone was approaching them.

At this moment, a light suddenly shocked them, making them feel as if they were facing a great enemy.

Impossible!

How could they be discovered!

“Cat, cat, it’s a cat, there’s a cat in the sea!!!” After an instant of observation, they were even more shocked. This was because in this dark and deep sea, a cat with bright eyes that illuminated the deep sea suddenly appeared in front of them!!

After the shock, they were calm. The hearts of these sea creatures suddenly stopped, because why did this cat feel a little familiar?

“Vice, Vice Minister?!!”

The leader of the ocean overlords widened its eyes.

“Hi!!”

The gem cat looked at these hidden sea beasts strangely. If it weren’t for Buggy sensing the phantom fluctuations it created through the environmental badge, they really wouldn’t have discovered these guys.

Yes, the group of sea beasts hidden near the Red God Island were members of the Marine Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City!

The Ice Dragon Badge they carried was the most important thing that Shi Yu could instantly sense their movements. As long as it reached a certain range, Buggy could sense the illusion it had created, and inside the Ice Dragon Badge was the Ice Dragon Phantom created by Buggy.

Through this ability, in times of crisis, Buggy could also call the members of the Environmental Protection Department who carried badges within a certain range to save them.

It could be said that Shi Yu had this plan when he created the badge.

Otherwise, wouldn’t it be very boring to lead such a group of overlords but not be able to use them?

Therefore, although these sea beasts hid very well, they were still instantly discovered because they were holding Buggy’s locator.

“What are you guys doing here?”

“We… we’re on a mission,” the spatial jellyfish overlord in the lead said.

Mission…

The gem cat was stunned for a moment and said, “Could it be that it’s investigating the Poison Dragon Totem that invaded the sea area of Dragon Palace City a few months ago??”

“That’s right!!!” The Space Jellyfish overlord cried and said, “But why don’t you know anything about the mission of the Environmental Protection Department, Deputy Minister?”

The gem cat : “…”

It wasn’t just it.

Their minister probably didn’t know.

“Then did you… find out anything?” the gem cat asked.

The Space Jellyfish overlord’s expression was serious as it said, “The birth of the Poison Dragon Totem might be related to a faction called the Ke Yuan Financial Group on the Seven Islands. The Poison Dragon Totem is an experimental subject of their biological modification experiment. A few months ago, an unknown experimental base of the Ke Yuan Financial Group was destroyed. The experimental subject defected. This experimental subject that defected can basically be determined to be the predecessor of the Poison Dragon Totem, the Poison Dragon overlord.”

“In addition, we’ve also obtained some evidence of other secret experiments on the Ke Yuan Financial Group. We’ve already gotten others to send it to Dragon Palace City. We’re all on standby here.”

“But according to the investigation, the core figure of this Ke Yuan Financial Group seems to have slipped away a few months ago…”

“Ahhh?” The gem cat’s expression became serious and fierce.

The Poison Dragon Totem was indeed related to the Seven Islands?

It smelled a big event.

It would be fine if it was just biological modification. Which country had not done it?

However, the biological modification on the Poison Dragon Totem was not simple!

The power fluctuations on its body came from Yun An!

King of totems, demigod Yun An, a powerful extraterrestrial creature that had once forced Emperor Wu to a dead end!

Not only was Dragon Palace City investigating, but Dong Huang was also investigating the Poison Dragon Totem for the clues behind Yun An.

Now, they actually found out something?

What was the relationship between this Seven Islands Science and Technology Financial Group and Yun An?

It could already imagine how Dragon Palace City would use the excuse to start extorting the Seven Islands after receiving the news.

It could already imagine what Dong Huang would do after learning that Yun An might be related to the Seven Islands.

“However, what do you mean the core figure slipped away??”

“Tell me everything about the investigation,” the gem cat said quickly.

The Space Jellyfish Overlord said, “We suspect that this Ke Yuan Financial Group of the Seven Islands has colluded with the totem faction…”

….

On the huge ship that arrived at the Red God Island, Shi Yu synchronized the information through the gem cat’s main body. His mood and expression became more and more serious.

He didn’t know if it was a good thing or a bad thing…

“We’re finally here.” Zheng Hai stretched. Red God Island!

“Yes.” Senior Ke Yingzong smiled and nodded.

He had been looking forward to the Phoenix Mystic Realm for a long time.

Although he had also explored many mystic realms in his country, they weren’t as fragrant as other ruins mystic realms.

The grass was always greener on the other side…!

“The Phoenix God Shrine is located in a remote place. Next, let me lead you to the Phoenix God Shrine,” Jie Yi said to the three Beast Tamers of Dong Huang.

“My teacher’s already waiting for you all, Senior Ke.”

“Teacher wants to know more about the Phoenix Race from you, Senior Ke.”

The founder of the Phoenix God Society, Ji Xiang, was very interested in the Phoenix Race because she was a hybrid. The one who studied the Phoenix Race the most was Dong Huang, because since the totem era, dragons and phoenixes had been the supreme totems of the Dong Huang Continent.

The worship of dragons and phoenixes was far greater than that of other countries. Of course, before other countries left the control of the totems, they also had their own supreme faith. For example, Xue Yuan worshiped bears.

“This…” Senior Ke Yingzong said,” I indeed have some new archeological discoveries here, but unfortunately, I can’t confirm it yet. The one who discovered it wasn’t me, but another archeologist from our Dong Huang. ”

“Shi Yu.”

“Brother Shi Yu?” Beside him, Zheng Hai was surprised. Then, he said, “That’s true.”

Shi Yu’s Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit was related to the Phoenix Race. It was a hybrid. He believed that Shi Yu had studied the Phoenix Race.

“Ah, Shi Yu.” Shi Yu also said from the side, revealing a curious expression.

“I’ve heard of this name. He’s the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang, a genius archeologist,” the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi said.

With that said, she looked at Lu Bai, wondering who was stronger between Lu Bai and Shi Yu.

‘Lu Bai’ had a calm expression and smiled. “That person is indeed powerful.”

“Has Brother Lu Bai interacted with Shi Yu??” Zheng Hai asked curiously. In his opinion, these two people were super geniuses.

“Not yet, but I’ve heard of it long ago. When I return this time, I should challenge him and see how powerful the number one person below the legendary level in Dong Huang is,” Shi Yu said calmly.

He challenged himself.

The number one person below the legendary level, Shi Yu, vs the hidden genius, Lu Bai, who had swept through the Seven Islands!

The outcome might depend on whether Susu could defeat Eleven at the moment.

At the side, the corners of Senior Ke’s mouth twitched. This guy was really addicted to playing this role.

He had reason to suspect that he wanted to occupy two Sequence positions and cheat more resources!

“Really?” Upon hearing that Lu Bai wanted to challenge Shi Yu, Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court revealed an interested expression and said, “But before that, I hope Lu Baijun can fight a battle with me without any regrets.”

Shi Yu covered his mouth and continued to cough dryly. His face was pale as he said, “Of course.”

Naturally, he had to negotiate with the legend of the Phoenix Court first before fighting.

He didn’t want to fight a meaningless battle.

However, no matter how many times Shi Yu repeated the title Phoenix Court Legend, he kept feeling that it was strange. He felt like he was singing the name.

Something like ‘The mystic realm of the Seven Islands is my love~ The ground under the ancient ruins is cracking~’