Chapter 614 - Secret Art Of Time (4)

Since she wanted to defeat Shi Yu, he naturally had to choose the rules that were most beneficial to her.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Sure.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Is it really alright?” Zheng Hai looked at Shi Yu. Double… He didn’t seem to know about “Lu Bai”‘s other pets apart from his ice-element pet.

Senior Ke also looked at Shi Yu and judged that Shi Yu probably wanted Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit to fight…

In the form of that “bird spirit”, it could also be said to be a “bird spirit”.

Although that form didn’t have any characteristics of a sword spirit, it actually still had some characteristics of the Phoenix Race. Was it alright…

….

As Shi Yu was going to fight the Phoenix Court, the Phoenix Shrine immediately prepared the venue.

The venue was set in the divine vision domain of the shrine. This venue was turned into a battle venue domain with a divine gaze, representing absolute fairness.

Among the witches of the Phoenix Court, Jie Yi was the one with the most outstanding experience and strength. She was the senior of all the witches here and the only one who had been accepted as a disciple by the legend of the Phoenix Court.

The fact that she was fighting an outsider in the Divine Vision Domain immediately attracted all the witches to watch the battle. This was also a tradition. The battle of the Divine Vision Domain required the witches to watch as representatives of gods.

“Ah… How nice.” In the Divine Vision domain, Zheng Hai looked at the eight Phoenix Witches around him and sighed. This Phoenix God Society was much better than his Binhai Dao Field.

If his training hall apprentices also changed from ugly fishing youths to water dancers wearing gorgeous swimsuits, their hair tied into a bun, and wearing various beautiful head accessories… The training hall might be able to have more funds for pet cultivation…

“Senior Jie Yi wants to fight…”

“I know who her opponent is. It’s that Beast Tamer from Dong Huang who passed the champion path.”

“It’s said that the Thousand River Hundred Gods, Mr. Shen Dai, and the overlord of the Crown Rainbow Mountain Range couldn’t even last one move against him…”

“Stop discussing. The Divine Master is also here. Hurry up and tidy your appearance and sitting posture.”

The group of witches whispered to each other and discussed softly. They were all mixed-blood Beast Tamers with the bloodline of the Phoenix. Their strength ranged from the trainee level in their teens to the professional level and master level in their twenties.

Coupled with the red and white witch clothes, their young and beautiful faces, as well as their red hair, white hair, red and orange eyes… They were very dazzling.

At this moment, they were extremely curious. Not only were they curious about the recently rumored Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, Lu Bai, but they were also very curious about the outcome of the battle between him and Senior Jie Yi.

“Let’s begin.”

In the Divine Vision domain, the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi, who was wearing a witch suit, looked at Shi Yu calmly and took a deep breath. To be honest, the pressure Shi Yu gave her was still very high.

If she were to participate in the challenge of the path to champion, her results might not necessarily be better than Shi Yu’s. She might even lose to the ninth level and lose to the number one person below the legendary level, Shen Dai.

However, she still wanted to fight. She was betting that Shi Yu was only strong in one-on-one battles, but if he played doubles, his strength would gradually decrease. There were many such Beast Tamers who specialized in the cultivation of a certain pet, and they even only cultivated one pet. It was very common.

For example, the current legendary Valkyrie of the Seven Islands had only contracted one pet, but who could say that she wasn’t strong? One person and one pet could display the strength to crush top-notch totems. No one on the Seven Islands could defeat her.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

In the Divine Vision domain, the Divine Master Phoenix Court’s Ji Xiang, Dong Huang’s Ke Yingzong, Zheng Hai, and the others were also paying attention to the battle between the two people below like those witches.

There shouldn’t be a problem…

Seeing Shi Yu’s calm appearance and Shi Yu’s previous battle results, Senior Ke and Zheng Hai nodded. There was definitely no problem!

Soon.

After looking at each other, Jie Yi directly summoned her pet!!

“I set the rules. According to tradition, I’ll send out my pet first.” Her sleeves fluttered, and a black summoning array appeared in front of her. On the array was a dazzling red light, and a fiery aura spewed out. A huge tree slowly appeared.

This was a huge tree that enveloped the arena after appearing. It was 20 meters tall. It had brown branches, green leaves, and fiery red flowers. The flames ignited by the flowers burned half the sky red. It was beautiful. In the flames, a huge red bird appeared and landed on the huge tree. Its entire body was also burning with flames. Its phoenix feathers were like flames as it stared at Shi Yu with a bright and dignified gaze.

“The leaves are the feathers of a flying phoenix, the flowers are the crown of a phoenix. My pets are the Phoenix Fire Tree and the Undying Fire Phoenix. It’s your turn.”

After summoning the two powerful monarchs, Jie Yi looked at Shi Yu calmly.

“It’s so beautiful.”

At this moment, Zheng Hai looked at the fiery red arena and the Undying Phoenix that landed on the Phoenix Fire Tree. His eyes were lit up by the flames.

“It doesn’t look like much now, but this Phoenix Court is a quasi legend. After using the Beast Taming Talent, the two pets should become very strong…” Zheng Hai analyzed.

Even if it was a strengthening talent that had never been developed, it was not difficult for a level-seven Beast Tamer to increase the pet’s energy level by ten million.

If it was some special talent, it would probably increase even more.

Moreover, Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court was a hybrid. Moreover, her pet and her bloodline were the same. Who knew what bonuses there would be?