Chapter 618 - One Mythical, Two Legendaries (!)

Shi Yu suddenly spoke, making everyone look at him.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Phoenix Mystic Realm was calling him?

What a joke!

“What do you mean?”

The Divine Master of the Phoenix Court stood on the high platform with a burning gaze.

Legend Xiao Yuan, an archeologist from the Seven Islands, also frowned and looked at Shi Yu.

What nonsense was this guy talking about?

Did he think he had a listening talent? The mystic realm was calling it?

“What did you hear?” Legend Xiao Yuan asked.

“It’s also possible that I’m dizzy from exhaustion. I got a little absent-minded.” Shi Yu shook his head slightly.

To be precise, it seemed to be calling Chi Tong.

After sending Chi Tong out to fight just now, the mystic realm in front was even more attractive to Chi Tong.

This attraction, in Chi Tong’s strange metaphor, seemed to be like that show “Little Tiger Returning Home”, or “The Temptation to Go Home”.

In any case, there was definitely something from the bloodline that attracted Chi Tong in the mystic realm.

Everyone : “…”

“Senior Phoenix Court, I won the battle, right?”

At this moment, Shi Yu stopped thinking about the mystic realm and repeated the battle results.

Upon hearing Shi Yu repeat it a second time, Ji Xiang’s expression darkened.

There was no need to repeat it so many times!

“I understand.”

Ji Xiang immediately understood what Shi Yu meant and waved at Shi Yu with an unfriendly expression.

In the next moment, a Phoenix Fruit in her spatial equipment, a special fruit that looked like a Phoenix Pear but had red skin and leaves, flew towards Shi Yu.

Shi Yu directly raised his arm and caught the Phoenix Pear… Phoenix Fruit with one hand. He scanned it through the third index, which was the invisible lens in his eyes.

There was no information.

However, it could be judged by the energy level. It was a level-seven resource.

It was filled with the power of fire.

Even if she wanted to give it the Phoenix bloodline, she would probably make it to the Fire Phoenix bloodline, just like the Phoenix Court, so she was a fire-element pet.

At the same time, even if it could increase the strength of the phoenix pet bloodline, it had to be from the fire-element phoenix race.

As for Senior Lu’s Green Phoenix, it was wind-element. It looked like if she couldn’t develop a mutation, it was useless.

For Chi Tong, there was no need for this thing. After all, Chi Tong’s bloodline was top-notch even in the Phoenix Race.

Apart from divine-level bloodlines, Chi Tong’s bloodline was the highest level. This thing naturally couldn’t have any effect on Chi Tong.

“This is…”

At this moment, the president of the Red God Association and Legend Xiao Yuan, who he had invited, were immediately stunned when they saw the fruit in Shi Yu’s hand.

He quickly understood that there was most likely a bet in the battle just now.

As for the winning item of Shi Yu’s battle, it was the core resource of the Phoenix God Shrine, the Phoenix Fruit.

[Lost again…] At this moment, after confirming that the number three of the Seven Islands World Tournament had also lost to “Lu Bai”, the president of the island and Legend Xiao Yuan were a little silent.

Although this was very normal. After all, if they fought with all their might, the Phoenix Court Jie Yi might not necessarily win against the Demon Blade God Generation, but battles couldn’t be generalized like this. After all, fire countered ice. It was very normal for different Beast Tamers to have different wins and losses.

And now, apart from the two legendary contestants of the Seven Islands, “Lu Bai” had tortured both the older and new generations. This was undoubtedly a huge blow to the Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands.

“Thank you, I’ll take it.” At this moment, Shi Yu smiled. He directly put away the Phoenix Fruit through the ruins space. With his current trump cards, he didn’t mind showing his spatial equipment.

At the same time, he looked in the direction of the back mountain of the Phoenix Shrine and said, “Next, can we take a look over there?”

“I keep feeling that there’s something I care about.”

“Next, we want to take a look at the Phoenix Mystic Realm,” Ke Yingzong said.

Regarding this request, the president of the temple island, Legend Xiao Yuan, and the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court were silent.

Usually, they were naturally unwilling to let outsiders explore the unsolved mystic realm protected by the Seven Islands.

However, the Seven Islands Association and the Dong Huang Association had signed a bet contract. At this moment, they had no right to stop Dong Huang from exploring the ruins mystic realm of the Seven Islands.

“Of course,” the Phoenix Court God said.

“He really won’t give up until the end,” the president of the island said with a headache.

Damn Dong Huang, obediently go to the next island and explore any other island.

Although he didn’t think that the Dong Huang exchange team could crack the Phoenix Mystic Realm, President Shi was still unhappy.

It was as if his girlfriend was being peeked at.

“Jiyi, prepare to enter the Divine Realm,” Ji Xiang said.

“Yes, Teacher.” At this moment, Jie Yi had already recovered from the deterrence. Her mind gradually calmed down, but she still felt a lingering fear as she looked at Shi Yu with a complicated expression.

This “Lu Bai” was stronger and much more terrifying than she imagined.

He had more than one legendary powerful pet. Apart from the legendary ice-element pet, he also had at least one other pet that was very terrifying and could fight against overlords.

At this moment, Jie Yi understood why the higher-ups and teachers of the Seven Islands wanted her to befriend “Lu Bai”.

At the same level, even the two legends from the Seven Islands might not necessarily be Lu Bai’s match.

For such a genius, legendary level was only inevitable.

This terrifying Beast Taming strength was like an unreachable throne. It was probably very difficult to conquer him from the Beast Tamer perspective.

[Perhaps he’s really not interested in me.]

Jie Yi thought a lot in an instant, and then a will to not admit defeat appeared.