Chapter 616 - Secret Art Of Time (6)

Moreover, that deterrence wave couldn’t be wrong. That was the Phoenix Might. Only pets with the Phoenix bloodline could show the special deterrence that countered hundreds of birds.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This guy had also contracted a pet of the Phoenix Race. Was it that ice-element pet or that bird spirit?? Could the real race of that ice-element pet be the ice-element phoenix? Could that bird spirit have been a phoenix when it was alive? For a moment, Ji Xiang was a little confused and kept guessing.

“Senior Phoenix Court, with this… I won, right?”

At this moment, in the arena, Shi Yu stretched out his hand. The Ice Phoenix King in the sky slowly shrank to the size of a sparrow that Chi Tong had when it just appeared. It landed in Shi Yu’s hand in the possession form of an ice-blue mini phoenix.

If Susu was in this state, even if it didn’t rely on assassination, it could still fight the overlord tiger head-on for a few rounds and suppress the other party during this process!

Even Eleven would probably be quickly suppressed by the Chi Su combination in this state. It couldn’t be helped. It was shameless to use the Time Fruit in a 2v1.

“You…” Ji Xiang from the Phoenix Court still found it unbelievable. She only felt that Shi Yu was talking nonsense. She glanced at the half-conscious Jie Yi from the Phoenix Court and at the surrounding audience. Although they weren’t unconscious, they were seriously shocked. She felt that this Lu Bai was extremely ridiculous, because even her heart was thumping just now.

Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court looked at the disciples of Legend Ke and Tyrannical Sea Legend. What made her silent was that even the two companions of “Lu Bai” had their mouths slightly agape, as if they were very shocked by the scene in front of them.

In other words, even his companions didn’t know how strong this guy’s true strength was.

“You win…” Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court said. At the same time, she sat down again and said to the two people beside her,

“With such strength, is he really just a top-notch master?”

Even the two legendary new generation geniuses of the Seven Islands… In the opinion of Phoenix Court, she felt that they were slightly inferior to Lu Bai in that state just now.

“This…” How could Legend Ke know that Shi Yu was also so fierce? He didn’t see the energy value that erupted in an instant just now, but it definitely far exceeded ordinary overlords.

In addition, Shi Yu didn’t want to pretend anymore. This time, Shi Yu and Lu Bai both had undead with the Phoenix bloodline. What if they were associated with it? Although… The power system and undead form were still different, and the Phoenix undead wasn’t a unique pet in Dong Huang, Legend Ke still didn’t know what Shi Yu was thinking.

In fact, Shi Yu didn’t use his full strength in the battle just now. Otherwise, the mental impact could even destroy the enemy’s spirit. At this moment, only a moment later, the Phoenix Court’s owner woke up in a daze. Then, she recalled in extreme confusion. In the end, she was stunned on the spot.

She instantly recalled the scene of her and her pets falling into the other party’s deterrence without any resistance. Then, her face turned pale.

How was this possible…

She dragged her heavy spirit and looked at Shi Yu, who had retracted his pet. At this moment, Shi Yu also looked at her in embarrassment and said, “In that case, thank you for the match.”

“That’s Phoenix Might, your pet has the Phoenix bloodline. Is the friend you’re talking about yourself?” Jie Yi asked.

Perhaps there was a possibility that “Lu Bai” wanted to give the spiritual fruit to her after winning the Phoenix Fruit and give it to her as a gift to the Phoenix Court.

Shi Yu: “?”

What kind of strange focus was this?

“Hahahaha, we came at the wrong time.”

Just as the battle ended, the witches covered their foreheads with shocked expressions. Outside the Divine Vision Domain, two people slowly walked over from the outside world. At the same time, a laughing old voice sounded.

It was an old man with sunken eyes, no hair, a walking stick, and a face filled with wrinkles. Beside him was a female researcher. Like Shi Yu, she looked sick. She was wearing a white coat, her brown hair was casually scattered, and her eyes were listless. She was about 40 to 50 years old.

When Jie Yi saw the two of them, her expression changed slightly.

“President of the Island. Legend Xiao Yuan,” she said to the two.

“Hehehe… I believe these are the guests from Dong Huang, right?” The old man raised his head and looked at Shi Yu and the others. “I am Yuan Yi of Temple Island, the president of the Beast Tamer Association of Red God Island. Welcome to Red God Island.”

“Divine Master of the Phoenix Court, please don’t mind my sudden disturbance.”

Ji Xiang’s expression didn’t change. “Of course not.”

When the two of them arrived, Senior Ke Yingzong’s gaze landed on the female researcher.

The female researcher also looked at Ke Yingzong and said, “Senior Ke, long time no see.”

“Long time no see,” Ke Yingzong said in surprise.

These two people probably didn’t come just to welcome them.

The president of the Red God Island Association was a legendary Beast Tamer, and this Legend Xiao Yuan was an archeologist of the Seven Islands. He was one of the few top archeologists on the Seven Islands who had the ability to listen to the Voice of History.

On the Seven Islands, there might not be five Beast Tamers with the listening talent, so this Legend Xiao Yuan had a very high status on the Seven Islands.

As a legendary archeologist, Ke Yingzong naturally knew the other party.

“President of the Temple Island, Legend Xiao Yuan, why are you here?” the Phoenix Court Legend said.

“Hahaha.” The president of the temple island laughed and said, “Look at what you’re saying. Of course, we’re here to see our honored guests from Dong Huang. I heard that Dong Huang’s Legend Ke, the disciple of the Tyrannical Sea Legend, Zheng Hai, and the super genius, Master Lu Bai, who passed the path of the champion, are going to visit the Phoenix God Shrine. As landlords, we naturally have to visit some.”