Chapter 615 - Secret Art Of Time (5)

“Are they all pets with the Phoenix bloodline?” When Shi Yu saw this, he said regretfully, “You’ve already lost.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What do you mean?” As Shi Yu finished speaking, the expression of the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi changed. What a joke.

Was he humiliating her?

However, in the next moment, it was indeed the Phoenix Court that was shocked and realized the life and death crisis.

No, even the expressions of the surrounding witches and the legend of the Phoenix Hall, the Divine Master of the Phoenix God Shrine, changed drastically.

A huge purple array appeared in front of Shi Yu. Then, cold air condensed in the sky.

Seeing this change, the Phoenix Court thought of the ice-element pet immediately.

The first pet Shi Yu summoned was indeed Susu.

However, it was still Susu’s mimicry!!

This time, Susu wasn’t in a humanoid form anymore. Of course, it wasn’t an Ice Slime either. Instead, through enlarging, it enlarged into the form of an Ice Phoenix that was even larger than the Phoenix Fire Tree!

The extreme cold cut through the sky filled with flames, almost freezing the entire battlefield. As the cold rose, the ice mist gradually faded, revealing a huge figure.

It had beautiful blue feathers, and its wings seemed to be made of ice.

On its head was a crown made of three dark blue prismatic ice crystal feathers, making it look like a king had descended.

As the colorful flag-shaped long tail fluttered, snow lingered, forming a confrontation with the pet summoned by the Phoenix Court.

This wasn’t the reason why everyone’s expressions changed drastically. This was just a very ordinary ice elemental mimicry. There was nothing strange about it. However, as a bird spirit wrapped in cold blue ghost flames flew out of the black summoning array, it flew and fused with the huge ice phoenix, causing its ice crystal wings, ice crystal crown, and ice tail to ignite the ice blue extreme cold flames. A terrifying deterrence erupted from the pet, shocking everyone!!

The Time Fruit was activated.

Because of possession, Chi Tong and Susu enjoyed the enhancement of the Time Fruit at the same time and arrived at the overlord level together.

It was equivalent to the overlord-level Chi Tong and the overlord-level Susu.

At the same time, due to the existence of Chi Tong’s scapegoat, the explosive burden they suffered was all borne by the scapegoat.

Boom!

Right on the heels of that, with Chi Tong’s mental strength as the main body, it reached perfection and displayed the might of a phoenix!

This was Phoenix Might.

Just like the supreme might of a dragon, the might of a phoenix was the bane of a hundred birds.

In a battle between races, the deterrence level was important. This was a decisive skill.

Just like how Xia Qingwei’s Ice Phoenix Moth couldn’t develop battle awareness when facing Buggy’s perfect-level deterrence back then.

At this moment, the deterrence level of the Phoenix Fire Tree and the Undying Fire Phoenix, which were far from transcendent, instantly constricted in the face of Chi Tong and Susu’s combination skill, revealing incomprehensible shock.

Chi Tong and Susu combined profundities.

The dignity of the Ice Phoenix King.

Boom!!!

It wasn’t just these two pets. At this moment, as Chi Tong and Susu erupted, the dignity of a king of the overlord-level Phoenix Race was revealed. Even the witches with the phoenix bloodline like Jie Yi also felt a bloodline suppression that was even more terrifying than ordinary deterrence.

In an instant, sweat flowed down the forehead of the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi before quickly freezing into ice crystals. The deterrence from her bloodline directly made her feel like she had fallen into an ice cave. Her body, spirit, will, and soul seemed to have been frozen and shattered by this Ice Phoenix King at this moment.

“Jiu!!!!!!”

Now, the Phoenix Fire Tree and the Undying Fire Phoenix, who were facing Chi Tong, Susu, and the others’ joint deterrence “bullying strategy”, didn’t even have the strength to resist before their consciousness instantly disappeared. Even at this moment, their Beast Tamers didn’t have time to use their Beast Taming Talent to increase and strengthen them.

The Phoenix bloodline indeed allowed the Phoenix Court to have talent that exceeded ordinary Beast Tamers, but it also allowed her to obtain some weaknesses that ordinary Beast Tamers didn’t have. For example, when she encountered a phoenix pet with a very high deterrence level, she would instantly lose the ability to resist and the will to fight. In nature, unless she had the will of an overlord, it was very difficult for creatures to cross this kind of suppression that came from the bloodline and level of their own race. This was also one of the reasons why Shi Yu was unwilling to become a hybrid.

Boom!!!

Under the strong deterrence, the Undying Phoenix directly fell from the sky and fell heavily to the ground. The flames ignited by the Phoenix Fire Tree also quietly extinguished, and the domain was silent.

The Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi blacked out and fell forward in shock. She half-knelt on the ground and forcefully supported her body. Her mind was incomparably confused.

How was this possible…

What happened…

She… They…

They were actually scared out of their minds by this Lu Bai’s pets’ deterrence skill?

“Jie Yi!” At this moment, the Divine Master of the Phoenix Divine Shrine, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court, suddenly stood up. At the same time, sweat flowed down her forehead. She also looked at the huge Ice Phoenix in shock and confusion. In an instant, she actually felt that her trump card, the Phoenix Pet, seemed to be only so-so in front of this Ice Phoenix.

She looked at Lu Bai in the domain in disbelief.

She suddenly understood why Mr. Shen Dai, the number one person below the legends of the Seven Islands, and that Heavenly Cloud Tiger couldn’t withstand a single move from him.

This guy was a monster.

Not only was his ice-element pet ridiculously strong, but the mysterious bird spirit just now, the bird spirit that burned with the Ice Blue Ghost Fire, was also ridiculously strong. Its strength was definitely not weak. After all… it had transcendent deterrence!! Even her pet had yet to master it.