Chapter 617 - Secret Art Of Time (7)

“It’s rare for Legend Ke and the others to come over. I called Legend Xiao Yuan over to communicate. Everyone can gain more.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Also, from the looks of it, was there a battle just now??” The president of the island looked at “Lu Bai” and the Phoenix Court standing on the arena. Seeing that their faces were pale, he asked despite knowing the answer.

Ji Xiang from the Phoenix Court chuckled in her heart. They were probably worried that Jie Yi wouldn’t act according to the mission and wouldn’t be able to keep “Lu Bai”. Probably, they were even more afraid that the Dong Huang exchange team would really obtain some benefits in the Phoenix Mystic Realm, so they came to supervise.

Although the Phoenix Mystic Realm was protected by the Phoenix Divine Palace, just like Dong Huang, the Seven Islands also had relevant rules. The ownership of the ruins mystic realm in the country belonged to the country, so the Phoenix Mystic Realm was not the personal property of the Phoenix Divine Palace. At most, the Phoenix Court’s Ji Xiang could get more resources as the discoverer and guardian. Over the years, the other factions of the Seven Islands also wanted to get a share of the Phoenix Mystic Realm. Unfortunately, the Phoenix Mystic Realm was not so easy to crack.

As for the Phoenix Mystic Realm, it was also located on Red God Island. Therefore, if the mystic realm was cracked, the Red God Island Association would naturally be the greatest beneficiary. In this situation, knowing the bet between the Dong Huang exchange team and the Seven Islands Association, how could the president of the Red God Island Association sit still? He was afraid that the Dong Huang exchange team would crack the Phoenix Mystic Realm and take all the resources away, or that they couldn’t crack this and lock onto the other ruins mystic realms of the Red God Island. In that case, he didn’t know if the Phoenix Association would suffer a loss, but the Red God Island Association would suffer a huge loss.

He had to think of a way to lure them to other islands!

“Lu Bai and Jie Yi fought, but from the outcome, it seems Jie Yi’s cultivation isn’t good enough,” Ji Xiang said.

Below, Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court also didn’t expect the difference between her and Lu Bai to be so huge, to the point where it was unimaginable.

Unless her pet broke through to overlord as soon as possible, she might not be able to cross this gap.

“Did Jie Yi lose?” The president of the island was silent.

“But from the looks of it, Dong Huang’s guest hasn’t started exploring the Phoenix Mystic Realm.”

“Yeah.” Shi Yu looked at the old man, wanting to see what he was saying.

President Shi said, “There’s nothing to explore in this lousy mystic realm.”

Ji Xiang and Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court: ???

“It’s almost been studied by the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court. One needs to have ‘mixed blood’ to be qualified to cause changes in the mystic realm. Moreover, it’s only a mere change. It’s very difficult to crack it. It requires a very high concentration of bloodline. I’m afraid it’s already difficult to achieve in this era. I know that there’s an unsolved legendary ruin on Star Sea Island with a long history. Its exploration value is extremely high.”

“Legend Xiao Yuan beside me has explored that place before. She might be able to give you some advice.”

Shi Yu, Legend Ke, and Zheng Hai : “…”

This old man was very bad.

Wasn’t it just because they didn’t want them to explore the ruins mystic realm on Red God Island? It was too obvious!

Legend Xiao Yuan pushed up her glasses. To be honest, she didn’t want these guys from Dong Huang to obtain benefits from any of the Seven Islands’ ruins. It was the same for Red God and Xingye.

If the ruins and mystic realm of the Seven Islands were dug away by the archeologists of Dong Huang, she was very worried that she would do something rash.

“By the way.” Suddenly, Shi Yu in the crowd said, “The Phoenix Mystic Realm should be in the back mountain of the divine temple, right?”

“What’s wrong?” Legend Xiao Yuan looked at this beautiful young man with hair, pale face, and weak tone. She wanted to punch him to see if he could fall.

This was Dong Huang’s genius who had swept away the path of champion.

The world was really big, and there were all kinds of strange things.

“When I was fighting just now, I seemed to feel that something was calling to me. It seemed to be the Phoenix Mystic Realm. The bet agreement has already taken effect, and the time has already started. If I crack the Phoenix Mystic Realm, the resources inside will all be mine, right?” Shi Yu pretended to be in deep thought. With one hand as a palm and the other as a fist, he patted gently and looked up.

Phoenix Court Ji Xiang, Phoenix Court Jie Yi, the many witches, the president of Temple Island, Legend Xiao Yuan: ???

What did he say? Did he faint from exhaustion? What was he thinking? The mystic realm was calling him?

Senior Ke widened his eyes. Was it coming? Had he sensed it?! That secret time power history thing?

Zheng Hai blinked, confused.