Chapter 619 - One Mythical, Two Legendaries (2)

As Shi Yu put away the Phoenix Fruit and looked at the Phoenix Mystic Realm again, the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi woke up.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, she had a strong hostility towards the female friend with the phoenix bloodline that Shi Yu mentioned.

So, the reason why this “Lu Bai” was not interested in her was because there was another female Beast Tamer who was better than her and stronger?

Who was it…

….

Divine Realm.

It was where the Phoenix Mystic Realm was.

After the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi recovered, she brought thousands of thoughts and the other witches who had yet to recover from their shock to lead Dong Huang and the others, as well as the president of Temple Island, to the back mountain of the Phoenix Divine Temple to visit the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

Even the ground was red.

Not to mention the fiery red spiritual plants all over the mountain.

This was indeed a holy land for phoenix pets, especially fire-element phoenix-type pets.

“Actually, the entire back mountain is the Phoenix Mystic Realm.”

After arriving, the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court said calmly.

“Back then, I accidentally entered the Phoenix Mystic Realm here. At that time, this place was still an ordinary green forest, but after time passed, the environment had already been turned into this by the mystic realm after a long time.”

She looked at everyone and said, “Let’s go.”

“I’ve actually always been curious about something,” Ke Yingzong said. “Legend of the Phoenix Court, did you hear or see some strange voices and scenes when you accidentally entered the Phoenix Mystic Realm?”

“According to what I know, you also have a telepathy talent.”

The special use of the telepathy talent was not a secret among legends.

Upon hearing this question, Ji Xiang from the Phoenix Court smiled. “You mean the listening talent? Unfortunately, I don’t know either.”

“Because before I entered the mystic realm, I fainted. When I woke up, I was already in the mystic realm. From what I know, my talent has never shown anything special.”

“It’s all because you’re too obsessed with the Phoenix Mystic Realm.” Legend Xiao Yuan chuckled and said, “If you want to become a top archeologist, you have to learn universal love. If this mystic realm ignores you, then change your research.”

“A person like you won’t understand,” the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court said coldly.

As the legendary big boss spoke, the group of witches beside him didn’t dare to interrupt.

“Heh heh.” Legend Xiao Yuan shook her head and looked at Shi Yu, who was in deep thought, confused, weak, and surprised. “Kid, your expression changes quite a lot. Do you want to say that you heard something again?”

Shi Yu looked at the “members of Bureau 11” of the Seven Islands and shook his head.

At this moment, Chi Tong could already confirm that it had already overlapped with the mystic realm.

However, at this moment, Chi Tong didn’t feel how it should open the mystic realm.

As for the mystic realm, he didn’t take the initiative to open it either.

What should he do next…

Shi Yu was thinking about this.

“Then what about you, Senior Ke?” Legend Xiao Yuan chuckled and said, “You’re a senior in the archeological world. Have you thought of any other ways to open the mystic realm apart from relying on the key of the Phoenix hybrid?”

Senior Ke smiled and said, “Aren’t you asking the obvious? For ruins mystic realms with exact rules, following the rules is the only way. Apart from that, it’s to crack it violently, but this clearly won’t work. This looks like a very high-level mystic realm.”

“Moreover, even if we open the Phoenix Mystic Realm, it’s useless.” The Divine Master of the Phoenix Court had a calm expression.

“Because this is an inheritance-type ruins mystic realm. The interior of the mystic realm is filled with endless flames. The deeper you go, the more pain from the burning of the bloodline. Therefore, even if the mystic realm is opened, as long as there aren’t enough rich phoenix mixed bloods, you can’t take away the core resources,” Ji Xiang said.

This was also why she had been researching how to increase her bloodline and try her best to create a phoenix hybrid.

It was so that after the mystic realm opened, she could enter the core area of the mystic realm one day.

“Hahaha, Legend Ke, did you hear that? This kind of ruins mystic realm with clear cracking rules is the most difficult.” The president of the island shook his head and said.

As he listened to everyone’s conversation, Shi Yu gradually had an idea.

Hu hu hu hu ~ ~

Hu hu hu ~ ~

Just as the president of the temple island finished speaking, Shi Yu raised his hand. A purple summoning array appeared in his palm. Chi Tong, who had been summoned in the battle just now, landed on the back of Shi Yu’s hand in the form of a blue bird spirit filled with ice-blue ghost flames.

“Jiu ~” Chi Tong shook its hair and looked around.

Seeing Shi Yu suddenly summon his pet, everyone looked over again.

Especially the witches of the Phoenix God Shrine and the legendary Divine Master of the Phoenix Court, who looked at the blue bird spirit solemnly.

Even Zheng Hai widened his eyes and sized up the bird spirit.

This was… the pet that had possessed the Ice Phoenix just now.

Although the feeling it gave was that its aura wasn’t strong, and from its appearance, it was only so-so, everyone knew that this was only its appearance.

This pet was definitely very strong.

“Jiu Jiu Jiu ~ ~” Suddenly, Little Chi Tong, who was summoned by Shi Yu, cried out helplessly.

Under Shi Yu’s request, it cried out helplessly.

The Divine Master of the Phoenix Court and Legend Xiao Yuan wanted to hear what it was calling.

Because they had the gift of telepathy, they realized that this bird spirit had sealed its mental fluctuations and didn’t want them to hear it.