Chapter 611 - Secret Art Of Time (1)

The Phoenix Shrine was located on a remote mountain in the depths of the Red God Island. This was a fiery red mountain. From afar, the mountain was filled with fiery red spiritual plants. It was beautiful.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu and the others ascended the steps. After a complicated etiquette, they entered the Phoenix God Shrine. At this moment, Chi Tong, who was in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, sensed the fluctuations of the mystic realm just like how Buggy sensed its illusion previously.

Chi Tong, Shi Yu: o(〃’▽’〃)o

The Undying Dark Phoenix was right.

There was really an inheritance!

Shi Yu’s mood immediately improved.

However, perhaps because of the special situation today, there were no people from the Phoenix God Shrine who came to pray. The interior was very cold.

“Senior Jie Yi, distinguished guests.”

As Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court led Shi Yu and the other two to the divine temple, a woman who was also wearing a red and white witch dress walked forward. She was about twelve or thirteen years old and looked very young. She raised her head and said, “This way, please. The Divine Master is waiting.”

“I understand.” Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court smiled at the young witch and said, “Everyone, please follow me.”

Ke Yingzong, Zheng Hai, and Shi Yu nodded.

Soon, Shi Yu and the others were brought to an ancient house. In the house, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court had already made tea and was waiting for the arrival of the guests.

She was a legendary Beast Tamer in her thirties. She wore a pure white feather sweater over her white and red kimono. Her orange-red long hair naturally fell. From the outside, she didn’t look much older than Jie Yi from the Phoenix Court. However, the aura emitted from his body instantly made Ke Yingzong, Zheng Hai, Shi Yu, and the others’ hearts freeze.

They felt that what existed in front of them was an overlord-level ferocious beast.

This was a powerful pressure unique to high-level mixed-blood Beast Tamers.

In Dong Huang’s team, although Ning Tianming had already started to emit pressure, compared to this legendary Divine Master of the Phoenix Divine Shrine, he was still a child in comparison.

“Welcome, esteemed guests.”

After the legendary Divine Master of the Phoenix Shrine got up to welcome him, she smiled calmly and said,

“I’m the Divine Master of the Phoenix Divine Society, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court.”

“Legend of the Phoenix Court. Hello, I’m the legendary archeologist of Dong Huang, Ke Yingzong,” Ke Yingzong replied.

“Zun Hai, quasi legendary Beast Tamer of Dong Huang.”

“Top-notch Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, Lu Bai.”

Shi Yu and the others also introduced themselves one by one. Ji Xiang’s gaze swept past the few of them one by one. Then, it stopped on Shi Yu for a while and her heart skipped a beat.

She didn’t feel threatened from the legendary Beast Tamer Ke Yingzong or the disciple of the Tyrannical Sea Legend, but this sickly Lu Bai made Ji Xiang feel strange.

As a wild beast, if she was a Phoenix Bird soaring through the sky, then the “Lu Bai” in front of her was a giant with a body comparable to a mountain and extraordinary strength that could pluck stars and grab the moon and reach her.

How was this possible…

He clearly looked like a sickly young man, but the pressure was even stronger than those titled legends…

This pressure was not related to the strength of the Beast Tamer. It was purely produced by the Beast Tamer’s bloodline, physique, spirit, and will.

After being slightly surprised, Ji Xiang from the Phoenix Court calmed down and said, “I’ve long heard of your names. Please take a seat first. Jie Yi, you sit too.”

“Yes, Teacher.”

Soon, the five of them started talking. The host, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court, was the first to start the topic. “Legend Ke should be here for the ‘Phoenix Mystic Realm’, right? I’ve also heard of the bet agreement on the path of champion. I wonder why Legend Ke and the others chose this ruin?”

At the side, Jie Yi from the Phoenix Court immediately became reserved…

“This… I heard it from ‘Lu Bai’. In addition, the dragon and phoenix have been the representative totems of Dong Huang since ancient times, so I’m naturally a little interested,” Ke Chuanqi said.

Ji Xiang looked at Lu Bai.

Shi Yu said, “Eh, wasn’t it you, the legend of the Phoenix Court, who invited us to explore?”

Shi Yu put the little witch on the spot.

Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court looked at Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court.

“…” Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court was silent.

This, this, this, wasn’t this because Teacher had the higher-ups of the association asking her to come into contact with this “Lu Bai”? Wasn’t she just trying her best to make him interested?

Ji Xiang from the Phoenix Court pondered for a moment and quickly understood the cause and effect.

In the end, she looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu revealed his sharpness. The Seven Islands Association had taken a fancy to Shi Yu’s potential and hoped to keep him here. Even if they couldn’t keep Shi Yu here, they could let him have a few more children on the Seven Islands. It would be good if they could inherit Shi Yu’s mysterious “Beast Taming Talent”.

Among them, the first and first choice to come into contact with Shi Yu was the Phoenix Court.

Even Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court felt that this was nothing. Although the strength of the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi was not bad, she had already judged that it was not the key to open the Phoenix Mystic Realm. Therefore, compared to the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi, the Phoenix Court’s Ji Xiang looked forward to what changes the child of the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi could bring.

After all, bloodlines could also be passed down through reproduction. If one party’s bloodline was outstanding enough, it might even optimize the other party’s bloodline. The Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi and “Lu Bai” were undoubtedly very outstanding. The Phoenix Court’s Ji Xiang didn’t care about nationality or anything. She only cared if both parties had enough outstanding bloodlines to give birth to a child who could become the key to the Phoenix Mystic Realm.