Chapter 622 - Shi Yu'S Totem Friends Descend (1)

Undying Fruit!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Mythical resources!

Its effect was still worthy of this level.

If it was said that there was only a one in ten chance for an overlord-level pet to break through to the totem level, then this Undying Fruit could definitely allow a pet to reach the totem level.

It could even let the newly born Awakening-level Green Silkworm reach the totem level!

This was the power of Mythical resources.

Of course, the premise was that the Green Silkworm killed itself after eating the Undying Fruit and lived a second life in the form of the Undead Worm.

Apart from that, the Undying Fruit actually had a certain restriction, which was that it was useless for users who were already undead. Of course, it was just that it couldn’t revive undead lives again. It was still possible to directly strengthen this undead to the totem level.

The Undying Dark Phoenix said that Chi Tong could easily reach the totem level with the resources here. It probably meant the Undying Fruit and two Sun Flame Flowers. The former increased its realm, and the latter increased its skill level.

Upon seeing this resource, Shi Yu suddenly recalled the situation of the Undying Dark Phoenix.

According to the Undying Dark Phoenix itself, it had fallen once. At the start, it also mastered the pure power of the sun. It was one of the strongest races in the Phoenix Race, the Sun God Phoenix Race. It was later when it became an Undying Dark Phoenix.

Shi Yu suspected that the Undying Dark Phoenix itself should have eaten this Undying Fruit before!

Therefore, after falling and reviving, it still had the power above top-notch totems. The Undying Dark Phoenix at its peak was probably also a demigod-level big boss, a ceiling expert in the Phoenix Race.

After all, Mythical resources had always been exclusive to legendary experts and demigod experts in history. Even top-notch totems rarely had the chance to collect Mythical resources.

“I remember that back then, Zhong Xuan said that in order to heal himself, Emperor Wu used many Mythical-level Undying Divine Medicine, but he still couldn’t escape the injury of Yun An. I wonder if Emperor Wu has used the Undying Fruit.”

At this moment, Shi Yu made a decision the moment he saw the Undying Fruit.

If it was possible, if there was a chance…

He would eat it himself!

Giving it to Chi Tong was not the best choice. After all, for Chi Tong, the totem level could be easily reached without this thing. As long as Shi Yu wanted to break the contract and spend a few months to add points, the effect would immediately be equal to these three resources.

It was better to eat it himself!

Yes, the Undying Fruit was real. Even humans could eat it.

If they died, they could directly reincarnate into a totem-level undead life form.

It was equivalent to obtaining a second life after eating this.

Moreover, it was the kind of long life that could still live for at least a thousand years. At the same time, it also had powerful battle power.

Archeology was a rather dangerous thing, and so was Beast Taming. But with this, even if he didn’t have the ability to control beasts in the future, without his pets by his side, he could still fly around.

Shi Yu was tempted.

Of course, he couldn’t be too reckless. After all, at that time, although he had the power of a totem, his battle power was probably weaker than totems like the gem cat that relied on resources to break through. He could be said to be the weakest totem.

“After becoming an undead, losing the Beast Taming Space is inevitable, but I wonder if I’ll lose the skill index. If I die one to two hundred years later, or die during archeology trips and reincarnate as an undead, if I can still retain the skill index talent, I wonder if I can add points to myself… From the totem level to the Mythical level…”

“Ghost God Shi Yu!”

“Even if I can’t keep the skill index, a totem-level undead life form is not bad. If Eleven and the others have already been cultivated to the Mythical stage by me at that time, with them by my side, it doesn’t seem impossible for me to live for thousands or tens of thousands of years in the future.”

This number was almost eternal for the 20-year-old Shi Yu.

Shi Yu muttered in his heart. Initially, he didn’t think it was a strengthening resource, but on careful thought, this was a top-notch resource that could be used on Beast Tamers. It was even more impressive.

Eating it was a huge life guarantee for him. This was much more stable than Chi Tong’s soul surgery. After all, it was a resource recorded in the third index.

The third and eleventh index recorded that when the Dragon Emperor Dynasty was destroyed and the Space Emperor Dynasty was established, the ancient mystic realm descended, attracting a large number of overlords, totems, and human Beast Tamers to explore.

During this process, a titled legendary human Beast Tamer accidentally obtained the Undying Divine Fruit. Without a word, he ate it himself. Of course, this action also made the totem creatures angry and directly surrounded him.

Unfortunately, in this battle, all the pets of this titled legend died. The Beast Tamer himself also died.

Of course, he also successfully reincarnated because of the fruit. Although he successfully reincarnated and indeed obtained the power of a totem-level undead, unfortunately, his soul was still shattered.

This was one of the stories recorded in the Undying Fruit.

According to the legends, this Titled Legend didn’t do it selfishly because of the effect of the Undying Divine Fruit, but because he didn’t want such a Mythical resource to fall into the hands of the totem clans. He could only destroy it.

This was only one of the cases. The Undying Fruit was a very top-notch resource among the Mythical Undying Divine Medicine. There were many stories, and legendary emperors had searched for it.

The wealth of the Phoenix Race was really rich… And this was only the personal collection of the Undying Dark Phoenix?