Chapter 627 - Opening The Door And Letting Shi Yu In (1)

Red God’s current mentality was quite broken.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

To be honest, this was the first time it had encountered such a situation.

Even in the last totem battle, when it fought alongside its Beast Tamer, it had never seen so many totems at the same time.

Moreover, every one of them here was a dragon with powerful battle power!

Apart from that cat.

No matter how slow Red God was, he could understand what was going on.

The human who took the resources had several thighs that he leaned on, and these thighs were especially thick!

At this moment, Red God was filled with endless anger.

It was not for Shi Yu, not for the totem dragon kings, but for the president of the island, Divine Master of the Red Fire, and the others.

As the totem guardian of the Seven Islands and a guardian beast left behind by the former experts of the Seven Islands, its status in the Seven Islands was very high. Therefore, when it saw the resources unearthed in its protective territory, it subconsciously wanted to take them for itself.

This was originally a very normal thing. In the Seven Islands, it was said that the Valkyrie couldn’t come out of seclusion. None of the other five guardians were fire-element. Who else could this resource be given to!

The agreement of the island’s president, the Divine Master of the Red God society, and the others at the start also made Red God very satisfied.

But from the looks of it, Red God really wanted to curse these two guys.

A Beast Tamer with such a rich background that he could even summon the totem dragon kings of Dragon Palace City. Why didn’t they say this in advance??

If they had said in advance, of course it wouldn’t do anything like this!

It’d sit down and talk to these foreign friends!

Red God immediately felt that it was the president of Temple Island and the others who had harmed it. It was wronged!

At this moment, the reason why Red God was so afraid was that the aura of these seven totems had locked onto it!

Several terrifying deterrence wrapped around it like a cage.

This feeling of approaching death at the limit even made Red God have no time to think about why a Beast Tamer who wasn’t from the Seven Islands would pick resources in its territory.

This was no longer important. After all, in this world, the strongest fist was the law. At this moment, it was clearly being beaten up by a group of big fists.

“It’s a misunderstanding…”

Red God wanted to explain and push the blame to the president of Temple Island and God Lord Chi Huo, who believed in it, but the totem dragon kings of Dragon Palace City didn’t plan to deal with it simply.

Although it wasn’t enough trouble for them to just destroy the Red God, as one of the seven island guardians, it was undoubtedly more convenient for it to see the difference in strength with its own eyes so that things would be easier in the subsequent compensation segment.

“Seven Islands, you’re getting more and more bold.”

The Sea Dragon King widened its eyes and glared. Its dragon eyes were filled with an unreachable deterrence. The front of its long body slapped at Red God with its dragon claws.

“Wait!”

Seeing this, Red God’s expression froze. At the same time, it cursed in its heart. Just as it was about to resist, it suddenly felt that it seemed to have been instantly deprived of the right to control the fire elements!

“Wait!”

Although it was only for an instant, it still shocked Red God.

It felt as if it had entered another world at once, and the laws of fire in this world were completely different from the previous world.

“Anti-magic.”

In the sky, the mysterious Space Dragon King that Shi Yu had never seen before looked at Red God with a deep gaze.

In an instant, transparent spatial fluctuations spread and gathered into a domain, restricting Red God and immediately depriving it of its ability to control flames.

Transcendent level, Anti-magic Domain!

“Roar…”

This was not the end. As the Sea Dragon King attacked, the dragon might of the other totem dragon kings also completely erupted. Like a spatial vibration, it made the sky pitch-black, causing the spatial crack to wrap into a huge black hole, emitting a shocking aura.

“Top-notch totem…”

As soon as the Space Dragon King attacked, Red God knew that it was completely not this guy’s match. Just this spatial divine dragon was enough to suppress it. Moreover, the other big guys were also not to be trifled with.

Crimson God was immediately filled with sorrow. What a sin.

At this moment, the joint suppression of the many totems made it impossible for the Red God to resist. It could only watch helplessly as the Sea Dragon King’s huge dragon claw enveloped the sky and earth and smashed towards it!

With a boom, Red God felt its mind tremble. This dragon claw wrapped in dragon might directly suppressed the flames that filled the sky and knocked it out of its original form, making its body like a rain of fire as it smashed towards Phoenix Mountain!

The huge flaming face kept distorting, turning into a strange elemental life form with a demon face that looked like a huge rat.

“Squeak…”

The claw was slapped down, and the intense pain made Red God cry out. The place it landed instantly formed a sea of fire that squeezed the Sun Flame area of the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

In the sea of fire, the pupils of the huge rat Red God constricted as it glared at this group of bastards.

He cursed, “Let’s talk about it!”

“Do you want to start a war with the Seven Islands!”

“Are you even qualified to represent the Seven Islands?” The Sea Dragon King continued to slap over from afar.

The dragon-shaped water claw and the surrounding six to seven totem-level dragon might directly made Red God burn with anger, and its pupils constricted.

“You #¥#@, Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands, what are you still staring at? Hurry up and call for reinforcements!”

“Also, you injured me. The legend of the Seven Islands won’t let you off…” It revealed an extremely arrogant expression, and its expression gradually distorted.

Boom!!!

With another slap, the flames around Red God were all destroyed. As for Red God’s main body, the five to six-meter-long fire rat, it directly curled up on the wet ground, looking extremely miserable.

The Anti-magic Domain continued to envelop it, and seven totem-level deterrence wrapped around its body. It couldn’t spare any strength to deal with the Sea Dragon King’s huge claws.