Chapter 624 - Shi Yu'S Totem Friends Descend (3)

In an instant, the Crimson God Island became the center of a storm.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“No… What happened?” At this moment, Heavenly King Zou and the others were considered the third wave of Beast Tamers who had obtained the internal information of Dong Huang. They stood on the sky ship. Heavenly King Zou looked at his cell phone and the information obtained by the Tyrannical Sea Legend and fell into deep thought.

The descent of the Phoenix Mystic Realm… Lu Bai… cracked… One Mythical and two Legendary resources…

“Holy shit! Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit!!!” Heavenly King Zou was directly stunned. Wait a minute, although Lu Bai had passed the path to champion and completed the bet agreement, wasn’t this cracking speed a little too ridiculous?

The battle wasn’t over yet!

Moreover, for Heavenly King Zou, this information style feltl so familiar…

“Is this guy human?!” His eyes were extremely red.

“Moreover, one mythical and two legends. F*ck, can the exchange team still successfully leave the Seven Islands?” While feeling sour, Heavenly King Zou was suddenly stunned.

Even if they could leave successfully, after returning to the country, his battle results would be even more useless compared to Lu Bai’s battle results. What should he do? It could be said that Zou Yun, Ji Feng, Tong Yan, and the others, who had also received the news at this moment, were like the Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands. They opened their mouths in shock and gradually lost their ability to think.

….

Outside Phoenix Mountain.

In a short period of time, a large number of Beast Tamers had already gathered here. Among them, the legendary Divine Master of the Red Fire society, the legendary Beast Tamer of the Unknown Fire Family, and the top experts of the legendary factions native to the Red God Island were also rushing over at an extremely fast speed.

“President, Divine Master, Legend Xiao Yuan, what happened!!”

The legendary Divine Master of the Red Fire society was the first legendary expert to rush over. He descended into Phoenix Mountain and looked at the situation in front of him in shock.

At this moment, the three of them didn’t have the time to care about him. The weak, pitiful, helpless, and lost witches of the Phoenix Shrine could only act as commentators.

At the side, Zheng Hai was already stunned. He tugged at Senior Ke and whispered, “Could it be that the commotion is a little too big?”

Senior Ke’s expression didn’t change. “What’s there to be afraid of? We have a bet agreement. The greater the commotion, the better. The greater the commotion, the harder it is to go back on your word. Moreover…”

Senior Ke’s expression didn’t change. “What’s there to be afraid of? We have a bet agreement. The greater the commotion, the better. The greater the commotion, the harder it is to go back on your word. Moreover…”

[Give me some time. It’s a plant-type resource. The transplant requires time. Don’t worry about the Seven Islands. Our reinforcements will be here soon.]

At the same time, Senior Ke also heard Shi Yu’s voice transmission from afar. He took a deep breath.

“This, this, this, this…” At the same time, the Divine Master of the Red Fire society, who had rushed over, gradually understood what was going on.

His expression kept changing. A Mythical-level resource and two legendary-level resources were given to Dong Huang just like that?

How could this be!

“Legend Ke, is Lu Bai or his pet a hybrid of the Phoenix Race!” At this moment, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Academy asked Ke Yingzong.

Otherwise, there was no reason for him to enter the mystic realm directly like this.

Moreover, the most ridiculous thing was that it was as if Lu Bai was the owner of this mystic realm. How was that possible?

The witches of the Phoenix Court also looked at the top of the mountain with complicated expressions.

“This, I don’t know either.” Legend Ke shook his head. At the same time, he looked at the top of the mountain with a burning gaze and said, “However, according to the bet agreement, it can be confirmed that it was Lu Bai who cracked the mystic realm and also the resources obtained by Lu Bai. Everyone, please don’t try to snatch the resources like just now. This is already a violation of the bet.”

The bet!

At this moment, when they heard Legend Ke mention this, the expressions of President Si Island, Legend Xiao Yuan, and the others changed, but they didn’t know how to refute for a moment.

Because at their level, it was not enough to openly tear up the agreement between the Seven Islands Association and the Dong Huang Association. They couldn’t bear the consequences at all.

The only outcome of this was to start a war with Dong Huang.

At this level, at least a Titled Legend or a guardian had to give the order.

However, watching helplessly as top-notch resources were taken away from their territory by others made the legends of the Seven Islands extremely uncomfortable.

At this moment, they were racking their brains to think of ways to reverse the situation and distort the truth.

“According to my research, only the direct bloodline of the owner of the Phoenix Mystic Realm can be immune to the damage of those flames. Even extremely close bloodlines will be rejected.” At this moment, the legend of the Phoenix Court still didn’t give up.

She said, “I don’t care about resources now. I just want to know why ‘Lu Bai’ can avoid being injured by the mystic realm.”

Due to his respect for the owner of the Phoenix Mystic Realm, the legend of the Phoenix Academy only wanted to know the truth.

Their Phoenix Shrine couldn’t decide the ownership of the bet agreement and the Phoenix Mystic Realm. However, if Lu Bai or his pet was really a direct descendant of the Phoenix Mystic Realm’s owner, then the Phoenix Shrine, which had received the Phoenix Mystic Realm’s favor, should at least not stand opposite Lu Bai and the others under any circumstances.

Due to her childhood experience, the issue of the ownership of the Phoenix Mystic Realm was even deeper than the Seven Islands. It could be said that the owner of the Phoenix Mystic Realm was the number one faith figure of the Phoenix Divine Society.

“Well, you can ask him yourself later. I don’t know either.” Ke Yingzong shook his head, unable to explain.