Chapter 625 - Shi Yu'S Totem Friends Descend (4)

Soon, the legendary Beast Tamer of the Red God Family arrived. The situation at the scene became more and more complicated.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

More and more high-level forces gathered on the Seven Islands.

Just as the few parties had different thoughts, the greatest change appeared!!!

Boom!!!

In the sky above the mystic realm of Phoenix Mountain, a huge dimensional vortex appeared. The sky became even redder, and a scarlet wave gradually condensed into a flaming face that looked like a demon.

A totem-level aura was undoubtedly revealed from its body.

The flaming pupils instantly passed through the Sun Flame and sensed the power of legendary and Mythical resources on the mountaintop.

In the Seven Islands area, there were a total of six totem-level guardians. They were all guardian beasts left behind by ancient experts in the Seven Islands area. Together with the seven island female weapons, they protected the Seven Islands.

Among them, a guardian was sleeping in the depths of the Red God Island. It was a totem-level elemental life form. Its form was a ball of fire. Because it was red, it was called “Red God”.

At this moment, not only did the Beast Tamer Association of the Seven Islands sense the powerful energy fluctuations produced by the fusion of the Phoenix Mystic Realm and reality, but even this fire guardian also sensed the attraction of the Sun Flame’s power. It was restless and woke up from its sleep to descend into the world again.

“I didn’t expect to be so lucky.” Red God, who was in the sky, was extremely excited. Although it didn’t sense what the Mythical resource was, the power of the two Sun Flame Flowers was completely sensed by it.

It instantly judged that if it ate those two flowers, it could enter the top totem level.

In addition to that unknown Mythical resource, perhaps there was hope for demigod level?

It was crazy.

Such a top-notch resource actually appeared in the territory he was protecting, making Red God extremely excited.

However, just as it was excited, it suddenly sensed the disappearance of another resource power.

After being stunned for a moment, Red God was furious. He realized that someone was plucking his “resources”.

“Bastard!!”

It directly condensed a huge flaming hand, wanting to pinch the resources at the top of the mountain.

“Lu Bai…” As Red God appeared, the Beast Tamers below opened their mouths wide and looked at the guardian of the Red God Island in shock. Among them, Senior Ke and Zheng Hai’s pupils constricted when they saw Red God suddenly attack.

The gem cat in the alternate space also frowned. It wanted to teach this weakling a lesson, but it quickly stopped condensing its strength.

Because the power of the Phoenix Mystic Realm was something that even the fire totem couldn’t cross.

Boom!!

In the next moment, Red God, who wanted to pluck the resources in the flames, instantly sensed the Sun Flame power that was difficult for even him to cross.

The huge heat wave instantly burned it very painfully, making its huge eyes shrink as it retracted its strength.

“Bastard!” It cursed again.

At the same time, its huge eyes frowned as it looked below.

At this moment, the Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands below had long noticed this person.

Hadn’t this master been sleeping for more than ten years?

It was… attracted by the fluctuations of resources?

“Lord Red God!!!” As the descendant of a Red God Beast Tamer, the Divine Master of the Red Fire society, who believed in Red God, was instantly extremely excited to see his ancestor.

“Oh, it’s you, kid.” Red God also recognized the bloodline of the Red Fire society’s Divine Master and said, “Hurry up and think of a way. I want the resources inside.”

“But…” The Divine Master was immediately unable to deal with Red God.

“But? This is the resource left to me by my Beast Tamer, your ancestor. Look, we’re all fire-element!” Although Red God didn’t know what was going on, he directly announced the ownership of the resources in the Phoenix Mystic Realm in a high-profile manner.

This shameless statement stunned the witches of the Phoenix Shrine.

However, it made the expressions of the president of the island, Legend Xiao Yuan, and the others suddenly happy.

This was inappropriate.

A guardian was taking the blame.

“Legend Ke, you also heard it. The situation seems to have changed. The resources of the Phoenix Mystic Realm seem to be the inheritance left behind by the seniors of the Seven Islands to Lord Red God. It can’t be considered an unsolved mystic realm. We still have to discuss the specific situation a little. Please hand the resources inside to the Seven Islands for safekeeping first. The Seven Islands will definitely give Dong Huang a reasonable explanation.”

The president of the island said. At this moment, with the Red God standing on their side, they were more confident. At least, at least, they couldn’t let Dong Huang take all the resources. As long as two legendary resources were left behind, it would be a profit. On Dong Huang’s side, under the circumstances where there were benefits, it definitely wouldn’t fall out with the Seven Islands for a legendary resource. It was best if everyone had meat to eat.

“Indeed.” The Divine Master was naturally on Red God’s side. He also looked at Legend Ke forcefully.

Legend Xiao Yuan also nodded. How could they give Dong Huang the initiative completely?

Even if Dong Huang was powerful, there was definitely still room for negotiation. At least, here, the Seven Islands were stronger.

When that Lu Bai came out, the resources would definitely not be given to him.

“What are you talking about!!!” Legend Ke cursed. Were they trying to cheat?

Not only could Legend Ke not stand these words, but even Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court revealed a sullen expression. She said to the guardian of the Red God Island, “Lord Red God, before you speak, you have to think carefully. Don’t make things up, right?”