Chapter 626 - Shi Yu'S Totem Friends Descend (5)

Red God’s Beast Tamer’s experience was known to everyone, and it was the same for Red God. It was definitely unrelated to the Phoenix Mystic Realm. This Phoenix Court’s Ji Xiang was very certain! The other party’s words were a trampling on the Phoenix God Society’s existence!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Huh? You’re doubting me??” Red God frowned.

“I’m just advising Lord Red God to be honest,” Ji Xiang said.

Red God didn’t say a word. A huge pressure pressed down on Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court, making her expression change and reveal an incredulous expression. She didn’t expect the guardian of the Red God Island to be so unreasonable.

She was just about to resist when someone directly helped her in the next moment.

“Hey, hey, hey.”

At the same time, out of thin air, a totem-level deterrence flowed upstream from the alternate space, squeezing the pressure of the Red God into the sky.

At this moment, Red God’s expression changed.

Boom!!!

Two totem-level deterrence directly tore through space. In the black spatial crack, a gem cat slowly walked out and stepped in the sky. It looked straight at the fire monster in the sky and said, “Big guy, I suspect you’re playing with fire.”

Another totem!!!

“This is… a gem cat?? How is this possible!!”

As the gem cat appeared and displayed the power of the totem, the legends of the Seven Islands widened their eyes. This was because the race of the gem cat was not high. Even after it evolved with the gem, the highest was only a monarch race.

How could it reach the totem level!

Moreover, this gem cat was too unfamiliar. The Beast Tamers from the Seven Islands didn’t know it.

Even the legends of the Phoenix Court were stunned. They looked at the gem cat in disbelief, not knowing why it wanted to resist the pressure for them.

“It’s Senior Ying…” Legend Ke was delighted. Beside him, Zheng Hai was also stunned. Wasn’t this the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University?

At this moment, the matter was becoming more and more complicated. In the sky above the sea outside the Crimson God Island, a large number of flying overlords rushed to the core of the incident at an extremely fast speed. The goat demon rode by the legend of the Warring States, the Giant Leviathan rode by the legend of the Tyrannical Sea, and Legend Xiao Shuang and the others were rushing over at an extremely fast speed.

Around Phoenix Mountain, the low-level Beast Tamers sensed the deterrence on the mountain and looked at Red God in the sky. They felt hot sweat flowing and felt that something was wrong. A huge battle might happen here!

“And who are you…” At that moment, the most angry one was still the totem Red God. It looked at the weak totem cat in front of it and said,” Do you want to fight me? ”

The gem cat yawned and said, “I’m just saving you.”

“I advise you not to plot against the resources on the mountain and not to disturb the people inside. Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable.”

“In addition, you have to repay me for saving your life. Remember, you owe me a legendary resource.”

Red God: “?”

The seven island legends: ???

“Huh??” Red God smiled and was angry. As one of the guardians of the Seven Islands, it had never seen such an arrogant totem in its territory.

“It’s coming,” the gem cat whispered.

At this moment, Red God still didn’t understand, but in the next moment, its expression changed drastically.

One, two, three, four, five…

One, two, three…

It felt an endless powerful aura suddenly approaching.

Among them, there were at least six totem levels, and among these six totems, there were even top-notch totems!!

“How is this possible!!!”

Red God was shocked. This number…

At this moment, a crack suddenly appeared in the higher sky, a huge black crack.

Dragon roars came from the crack, resounding through the world, making Red God’s expression change even more.

It also made the Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands gradually stunned.

A huge frost dragon dozens of meters tall was the first to fly out of the spatial crack, bringing with it endless cold air.

Its cold gaze stared at the entire Phoenix Mountain, causing the temperature here to plummet.

Totem level, frost dragon!

Following closely behind.

A hundred-meter-long sea-blue Eastern Divine Dragon, a white Eastern Divine Dragon, flew out of the spatial crack. their huge bodies circled the sky.

Dragon Palace City, Sea Dragon King, Azure Dragon King!!

Their huge dragon eyes stared down, searching for someone.

This wasn’t the end.

Under the sound of lightning, the golden Eastern Divine Dragon, which was also a hundred meters long, appeared with the totem dragons in front!!

Dragon Palace City, Thunder Dragon King, Immortal Dragon King.

In the end, as the spatial crack shrank, a nearly illusory and transparent divine dragon came out. Dragon Palace City, the Space Dragon King!

Its heavy voice resounded in all directions. “Seriously, it’s this close and you still want me to tear open space.”

Six totems!!

Apart from that, the shrunken crack didn’t completely close. The Sky Penetrating Whale, the Rakshasa General, the Space Jellyfish, and the other top overlords of the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City followed closely behind the totem dragon kings and descended here.

A terrifying aura that filled the sky suppressed the Red God Island.

Six totems and more than ten top-notch overlords had descended!!!

At this moment, even the flames of Phoenix Mountain were much weaker.

Looking at the six totem dragon kings that had suddenly descended, the legendary Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands, the nearby low-level Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands, their pets… They felt their hearts almost stop. They were almost unable to breathe. They widened their eyes and couldn’t believe their eyes.

Even Red God was so scared that it was about to pee its pants. It didn’t understand why the hooligans of Dragon Palace City would suddenly descend on the Seven Islands.

Even during the totem battle, the Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City had never traveled together like this.

Of course, Legend Ke and Zheng Hai were also stunned and shocked.

This group of Dragon Kings was originally called by the evidence of the Environmental Protection Department to ask for an explanation from the Seven Islands. They planned to use the Poison Dragon Totem to extort some resources.

However, on the way, they were stopped by the gem cat clone and were informed that someone was bullying Shi Yu, so they came here first.

Shi Yu couldn’t be bullied. After all, this was the master of the Blue Sea Sprite, the Beast Tamer chosen by the Dragon God, the son of the Ice Dragon King. They were all family!

At this moment, as the totem dragon kings descended, Shi Yu, who was collecting resources, seemed to have entered the end. In the flames, a blue figure slowly flew up.

Shi Yu, who flew up from the core of the mystic realm, immediately became the focus.

On his body, the Ice Slime King was hanging. It was too hot…

At this moment, when Red God saw this little thief who stole his “resources”, his gaze was filled with hatred.

Legend of the Seven Islands and the others also looked at Shi Yu, having yet to recover from their shock.

Right on the heels of that, an even more shocking scene appeared. The totem dragon kings’ actions made everyone’s eyes explode.

The totem dragon kings were slightly stunned when they saw Shi Yu. The gem cat had already told them about Shi Yu’s disguise, so they could still recognize him at this moment. After being stunned, they said unevenly, “You’re pretty energetic. I heard from that cat that someone is bullying you. Who is it? They’re very bold.”

Shi Yu looked aggrieved.

“It’s that guy.” Shi Yu pointed at the unreasonable Red God. He needed to at least be compensated one legendary resource from this guy, or it wasn’t over!

Red God: “???”

The seven totems looked at Red God.

Red God’s mentality exploded: QAQ, what the hell… No way, no way!!