Chapter 623 - Shi Yu'S Totem Friends Descend (2)

When he recalled that the Undying Dark Phoenix had said that it knew many mystic realms of the Great Empress Dynasty and the Phoenix Race’s inheritance mystic realm, Shi Yu was tempted.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If it were other Mythical resources… For example, resources that can only strengthen certain attributes, or Mythical resources like the Wind Kirin fossil that aren’t very useful, it wouldn’t attract too much coveting. After all, for the seven countries, they also have a few Mythical resources in their inventory, but this thing seems to be a little abnormal. I hope everything goes smoothly.”

At this moment, when Shi Yu thought of the legends and stories, he fell silent again. He looked down from the top of the mountain. At the moment, be it the president of the Red God Island or the archeologist, Legend Xiao Yuan, they gritted their teeth and looked up. They wanted to come up, but they couldn’t. They were anxious to death.

“But speaking of which…” Shi Yu looked at the three resources again.

No matter what, at least others had yet to see these resources. How should he store the Undying Fruit?

At this moment, Shi Yu had already determined that this was a fixed mystic realm. It was established at this place with spatial ability and couldn’t be moved. Therefore, it was unrealistic to directly take it away with the mystic realm. Then, he could only take the resources alone.

Among them, the collection and preservation method of the Sun Flame Flower was recorded in the third index. It was enough to pluck it down to the roots and store it in a place with rich fire power. The energy of the resources would not wither and disperse for ten years.

If it was transplanted to a place with sufficient sun energy, it could still be maintained for a longer time. For example, here, the sun flames were everywhere, and it was a place with abundant sun power.

In Shi Yu’s team, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong could easily create a place to preserve the Sun Flame Flower and directly transplant it into the ruins space.

However, the index didn’t record the detailed use and preservation of the Undying Fruit…

“Ling, is there anything special about plucking the Undying Fruit?” Shi Yu asked.

In the Beast Taming Space, Ling walked up to Shi Yu and fell into deep thought.

Ling felt that this beast tamer was being unreasonable.

How could it know the problem that wasn’t recorded in the index?

“Master, let’s transplant the Sun Flame Flower first. It’s quite time-consuming to transplant legendary-level resources… I’ll immediately analyze the situation of the Undying Fruit,” Ling said.

“Why don’t we eat it directly?” Shi Yu looked at the Undying Fruit and fell into deep thought. In the records, it shouldn’t be a problem to eat it directly.

“Come, come, come, let’s confirm together and see if it’s okay to eat this. Is there any danger? Don’t let it be the Undying Dark Phoenix’s conspiracy.”

[Undying Dark Phoenix:?]

….

Heavenly Rainbow Island, the venue of the Road to Champion challenge.

The huge change in the Red God Island quickly spread to the Heavenly Rainbow Island.

The legend of the Warring States was the in-charge of receiving the Dong Huang exchange team. His strength could be ranked in the top three of the Seven Islands’ Beast Tamers, already at the top of the Seven Islands’ power.

At this moment, the legend of the Warring States and the legend of the Tyrannical Sea were watching Ning Tianming mess around and challenge the path. At that moment, Ning Tianming had already challenged the seventh level and was about to enter the eighth level.

At this moment, the legend of the Warring States suddenly received a message. After taking a look, his expression changed drastically.

[Legend of the Warring States, bad news. After the Dong Huang exchange team led by Ke Yingzong, Lu Bai, and the others arrived at the Phoenix God Society, the Phoenix Mystic Realm descended. A powerful energy wave was transmitted from the mystic realm. There seems to be one Mythical resource and two Legendary resources.]

[President of the Temple Island, Legend Xiao Yuan, the Divine Lord of the Phoenix Court, and the others can’t approach the core of the mystic realm, but Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer, Lu Bai, can ignore the obstruction of the mystic realm. At the moment, he has already come into contact with resources…]

What?!

The legend of the Warring States widened his eyes.

It meant that… the Phoenix Mystic Realm… had been cracked by the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang?

“Bastards!!!” On the sky ship, the legend of the Warring States was suddenly furious. His gaze exploded as he stood up with a bang.

Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, what was going on?

Logically speaking, Lu Bai and the others should have just arrived at the Phoenix God Society not long ago.

Why was the Phoenix Mystic Realm cracked? Impossible!

Moreover, one Mythical resource and two Legendary resources were about to fall into the hands of Dong Huang’s Lu Bai. Was he serious??

“!!!” Along with the legend of the Warring States was the Tyrannical Sea Legend. He also widened his eyes and suddenly received the connection from Ke Yingzong and the others.

He learned that Shi Yu had already cracked the mystic realm and came into contact with a Mythical resource and two legendary resources.

Awesome!

In an instant, the Tyrannical Sea Legend felt refreshed and looked at the Warring States Legend.

Legend of the Warring States: ???

“The challenge on the road to champion continues. I suddenly have something to do. I’ll leave first,” the legend of the Warring States said, directly summoning his strange pet.

It was a huge demon with a crab-like black body, a black goat head, and meat wings on both sides of its body.

The legend of the Warring States immediately boarded the pet’s huge body that was nearly ten meters tall, attracting everyone’s attention.

“Count me in.” Tyrannical Sea Legend chuckled and also summoned his invincible Giant Leviathan. Two Titled Legends who could fight totems suddenly summoned their pets, immediately stunning the Beast Tamers here.

At this moment, the legend of the Warring States couldn’t be bothered with the Tyrannical Sea Legend anymore. He directly flew in the direction of the Red God Island.

“This…” A moment later, Legend Xiao Shuang, the legendary noble son Jiang Tianyang, and the others, as well as Legend Ju Qianyao, Legend Suzi, and the others from the Seven Islands who received the Dong Huang exchange team together, immediately knew about the change in the Red God Island. They widened their eyes.