Chapter 628 - Opening The Door To Release Shi Yu (2)

“Squeak…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, the miserable state of the Red God fell in the eyes of the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court, the president of Temple Island, Legend Xiao Yuan, the Red Fire Divine Master, and the others, attacking their hearts at all times.

“Lord Red God…”

The Red Fire Divine Master trembled as he wanted to help the other party, but be it him or the overlord pet beside him, they felt the aura formed by dozens of pressure in the sky and didn’t have the courage to stand out at all.

At that moment, Ke Yingzong and Zheng Hai also swallowed their saliva crazily, stunned by the scene in front of them.

It was too ferocious.

This was the guardian of the Seven Islands. Why was it as miserable as a primary school student being bullied by an evil force?

“Ah, ah, ah.”

At this moment, Shi Yu finally heaved a sigh of relief.

In fact, when Red God appeared and stretched out his big hand to grab the top of the mountain, he panicked for a moment. He didn’t expect that the guardians of the Seven Islands would be summoned like this.

However, the current Shi Yu was completely at ease.

It didn’t expect that there were his dragons in the sea.

“Bingbing, steady.” Beside a pile of totem dragon kings, the cute gem cat mixed in also released deterrence while secretly praising the frost dragon.

At first, the gem cat thought that there were probably only two or three Dragon Kings who had come to the Seven Islands, but it didn’t expect that the boss of the Dragon Palace City’s Environmental Protection Department, Ice Dragon, was so awesome. It called the Thunder Dragon King and the Space Dragon King, two big shots whose battle power was also at the top of the Dragon Palace Dragon Kings.

It looked like Ice Dragon was doing pretty well in Dragon Palace City.

Could it be that from the perspective of a dragon, Bing Bing was also a great beauty?

The gem cat fell into deep thought.

“Eh, heh.” Ice Dragon also maintained its seriousness and was secretly excited.

This was much better than participating in the totem battle with Mu Huiyin. The situation at that time was so torturous. It was difficult to rely on the strength of an overlord to fight top-notch totems, unlike now.

After joining Dragon Palace City, it casually gathered a totem team and bullied totems from other countries. It was like bullying a child.

“What exactly do you want—”

At this moment, Red God suspected that it couldn’t survive today. It was extremely regretful and didn’t understand why it woke up today.

At the same time, the Beast Tamers present still knew what was going on. The Beast Tamers who rushed over were even more stunned.

In the distance, the legendary Beast Tamers from the Seven Islands and Dong Huang, including the Warring States Legend and the Tyrannical Sea Legend, were rushing towards the Phoenix Temple with all their might.

One mythical and two legendaries. The legend of the Warring States clearly wasn’t willing to hand all of these resources to Dong Huang.

As for the Tyrannical Sea Legend, he could also predict that the Seven Islands were definitely unwilling. Therefore, they also had to come to the scene as soon as possible in Dong Huang’s position to pressure the Seven Islands.

Both parties originally thought that after arriving at the Phoenix God Shrine, it would be a battle without blood and merely a theoretical battle. However, as terrifying fluctuations came from the distance, as they approached the Phoenix God Shrine, the legends of the two countries were stunned.

From afar, the Legend of the Warring States of the Seven Islands saw the six huge totem dragons circling above Phoenix Mountain and was shocked to the extreme.

He naturally knew these guys. It was because he knew them that his brain suddenly rumbled and he had an extremely bad feeling.

“This…” After the Tyrannical Sea Legend sensed that the Dragon Palace people were on Shi Yu’s side, he was also shocked. He accelerated like the War State Legend. When they descended, they directly saw a rather shocking scene.

In the sky.

A blue-haired and blue-eyed young man with a Frost Slime King on his shoulder looked down gently.

Behind him, six terrifying totem dragon kings flew in the sky and dominated the sky. Their dragon might was peerless. Behind the young man, there were also ocean overlords that revealed top-notch might one after another. They had evil expressions as they stared at the miserable Flame Rat totem below with him.

“Real Bullying”.

In this terrifying scene, apart from Red God who still dared to curse, the president of the island, Legend Xiao Yuan, and the other legends had already lost their ability to think. They didn’t even dare to interrupt, afraid that the deterrence revealed by the totem dragon kings would erase their minds.

“This is… What’s going on!!!”

When the Legend of the Warring States saw the miserable appearance of the guardian totem of the Red God Island, the blue-haired young man whose appearance could still be vaguely seen as “Lu Bai”, and the terrifying lineup behind him… For a moment, He almost fainted and lost his ability to think.

Following that, Legend Ju, Legend Suzuki, and the others revealed shocked expressions. Looking at the scene in front of them, even the legends of Dong Huang were silent the whole time, not knowing what to say.

“Titled legend.”

As the legend of the Warring States arrived, the Sea Dragon King and the others could also sense this guy’s strength. Their sixth sense told them that this man was even stronger than that Red God.

Was he considered the head of the Seven Islands?

They looked at the man, making the legend’s expression turn cold.

“You are the Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City.”

After the legend of the Warring States arrived, he asked with a shocked expression, “Why did the Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City come to the Seven Islands? Do you want to start a war?!”

In the Seven Islands, there was legendary battle power and that human-type forbidden weapon. Legend of the Warring States didn’t believe that the Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City would come to the Seven Islands for no reason and even attack their guardian.