Chapter 620 - One Mythical, Two Legendary (3)

Damn it, encryption? Was it something embarrassing?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Jiu ~ ~ (Mom, I’m back. Open the door!)”

“Jiu ~ ~ (Mom, open the door!)”

At this moment, everyone looked at Shi Yu, who had suddenly summoned the blue bird spirit who started to cry. They were confused.

Only Shi Yu suddenly revealed an extremely abnormal expression.

Because he had already clearly sensed the feasibility of doing this.

Just as everyone from the Phoenix Shrine, the two legends, as well as Zheng Hai were extremely stunned, the world suddenly changed.

Shi Yu’s mouth opened slightly and he said silently to himself… “Exactly as planned.”

Boom!!!

With a bang that was like a volcano erupting, the entire ground of Phoenix Mountain suddenly cracked, making Ji Xiang’s expression change drastically, and also making the expressions of every witch in the Phoenix Divine Temple change drastically.

Hu!!!

In the cracked ground, space overlapped, and fiery red light spread, emitting a shocking heat.

The rumbling wave instantly made the entire mountain collapse. The shock wave emitted by the mountain even spread out with a bang, causing a strong vibration in the huge area with the Phoenix God Shrine at the center!!

Earthquake!!

Boom, countless buildings in the Phoenix God Society collapsed, making the witches open their mouths wide. It also made Ji Xiang and the Phoenix Court open their mouths wide.

The shrine… collapsed?

The president of the island and Legend Xiao Yuan were even more stunned. Of course, the most stunned at this moment was still Zheng Hai, who didn’t react at all. His gaze was stunned and his expression was blank. On the other hand, Senior Ke, who was beside him, couldn’t bear to look at it. He didn’t expect the descent of the Phoenix Mystic Realm to be so big.

This was going to be difficult.

“What happened!!!” The violent change shocked the president of the Island and Legend Xiao Yuan.

In the next moment, everyone here felt the gradually rising heat. This heat further made everyone’s expressions change.

“Yes, the Phoenix Mystic Realm and reality have overlapped!” Ji Xiang was the first to discover the change and immediately said with a shocked expression.

“What?” Ji Xiang’s words also shocked the Witch Sect, President Shi, and the others.

At the same time, in the outside world, although the Phoenix God Shrine was located in a remote area, due to the huge fluctuations of the descent of the mystic realm, the entire Phoenix Mountain had already become a burning cloud.

As strong energy fluctuations and vibrations, as well as the red phenomenon in the sky, many Beast Tamers from the Seven Islands in the distance could see the shocking change from the Phoenix Divine Temple as long as they raised their heads. Their gazes were stunned. After being stunned, they quickly rushed in the direction of the change.

Including the headquarters of the Red God Island Association, they immediately detected this energy wave that exceeded 100 million, like a powerful energy reaction of a totem descending.

On Phoenix Mountain, flames rose.

Now, the area where Shi Yu and the others were was already covered in flames.

Of course, this place had just entered the range of the mystic realm. It was the outermost flame, so it couldn’t hurt everyone yet.

The most terrifying thing was the energy fluctuations and temperature coming from the core area of the Phoenix Mystic Realm at the top of Phoenix Mountain.

That was where the core resources of the Phoenix Mystic Realm were.

As the Phoenix Mystic Realm descended, the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court, Legend Xiao Yuan, and even the president of the island were stunned for a moment before quickly reacting.

Among them, the archeologist of the Seven Islands, Legend Xiao Yuan, directly summoned a huge black crow. Lightning flickered on the crow’s body. Legend Xiao Yuan directly leaped up and headed straight for the core resource.

“This wave can’t be wrong. At least two legendary-level resources, and even a Mythical-level resource!!”

Legend Xiao Yuan shouted in her heart, but as she approached the core area of the Phoenix Mystic Realm, the heat wave that erupted with a bang was like the rising sun in the core area of the sun. A terrifying power that even totems, no, even top-notch totems, feared greatly suddenly made Legend Xiao Yuan and her Thunder Crow, who were charging straight for the core resource, feel only a trace of threat. Their pupils immediately constricted and they gave up advancing.

The aftermath of the rising power directly sent them flying.

“Idiot!” Seeing this, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court in the distance cursed coldly. She remembered that she had reminded them that the core of the mystic realm was not something ordinary Beast Tamers could approach at all.

Only a phoenix hybrid could avoid burning. No, even if it was a phoenix hybrid, if its compatibility with this mystic realm was insufficient, it would still be blocked.

She was like this back then.

She couldn’t obtain the three most precious resources at the core of the mystic realm no matter what.

“Jiu—” With a scream, the Thunder Crow, whose hair was almost burned, and Legend Xiao Yuan, who was on its body, landed on the spot miserably. Legend Xiao Yuan relied on her etherealization ability to dodge a life-and-death crisis. However, even space was directly burned just now, directly pushing her to the gates of hell.

“Damn it!!” Legend Xiao Yuan also cursed in a low voice. She couldn’t tolerate the disappointment of being unable to take away Mythical and legendary resources in front of her.

“That temperature is very difficult to pass even for totem-level, no, even top-notch totems. Don’t act rashly,” the Phoenix Court Divine Master said.

The owner of this mystic realm was definitely a demigod-level existence. She was very sure.

“What exactly is going on!!” The president of the island was stunned and pleasantly surprised. He was pleasantly surprised that the Phoenix Mystic Realm had actually opened. He was stunned that he didn’t know how it opened.

Of course, there was also shock. Seeing the miserable state of Legend Xiao Yuan, he immediately knew that the resources of this ruins mystic realm were not so easy to obtain.