Chapter 621 - One Mythical, Two Legendaries (3)

“Lu Bai, you…” At this moment, Jie Yi was observing Shi Yu. From just now, she felt that something was wrong with Shi Yu. The changes in the Phoenix Mystic Realm clearly started when Shi Yu summoned his pet!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Upon hearing Jie Yi’s words, everyone suddenly noticed this and looked at Shi Yu, who had just made a strange move.

With a look, they saw that the blue bird spirit was slowly fusing into Shi Yu’s body through the possession skill.

One second… two seconds… A cyclone began to linger under Shi Yu’s feet, blowing up dust.

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu’s body began to turn cold. Blue sparks slowly erupted and lingered around him.

Buzz…

The fire threads slowly became dense. In the next moment, Shi Yu’s pupils gradually changed to the color of a sapphire. There seemed to be white ghost flames lingering inside the gem.

Apart from that, his hair slowly turned blue from his pale hair.

After a few seconds, the two parties finally matched.

With a boom, countless fire threads condensed. The cold Nether Ghost Flame turned into flames that wrapped around Shi Yu’s entire body. At this moment, his hair completely turned white and blue, like a death god.

Boom!

Shi Yu ignored everyone’s shocked gazes and directly flew with Chi Tong’s power, heading straight for the center of the flames. After possessing it, he and Chi Tong could sense that the hot flames had no effect on them at all. There was no burning effect at all.

Undying Dark Phoenix! Mother Phoenix! She wasn’t lying. This was really an inheritance!

At this moment, under the temptation of Mythical and Legendary resources, Shi Yu no longer cared about anything and charged forward.

At that moment, the best evidence that there was no danger was that the Dragon God Protection they carried had no reaction at all. Otherwise, if this flame that was enough to threaten the totems became hostile to Shi Yu and the others, the protective water created by the Dragon God would probably instantly extinguish this flaming mountain.

At that time, Shi Yu and the others could also take the resources and not be threatened by the fires!

In short, under various favorable conditions, Shi Yu, who had entered a special possession state, went straight to the core of the resource. His flying speed was so fast that Legend Xiao Yuan, who had just hit a wall, opened her mouth wide in confusion.

“How is this possible!” She saw that Shi Yu was fine. During the flight, countless sun flames retreated as if they had encountered their master. She was very confused.

“Not good.” Seeing this scene, Ji Xiang and the others from the Phoenix Court immediately realized that something was wrong, especially the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court. She directly summoned his contracted Flame Phoenix Master and tried to fly over together.

“You guys also try to enter.” At the same time, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court gave the witches of the Phoenix God Society an order.

Jie Yi and the others, as well as these witches with different strength, didn’t hesitate at all. They directly used various methods to advance to the resource core.

Even the president of the Temple Island and Legend Xiao Yuan, who had lost once, wanted to charge into the core area again when they saw that Shi Yu was unstoppable.

“Wait!!” Zheng Hai was about to move too. Although he didn’t know what had happened, he just had to snatch the resources. However, in the next moment, Senior Ke, who knew, grabbed him.

“Wha-!” Zheng Hai widened his eyes in confusion.

“Don’t go,” Legend Ke said.

As soon as he finished speaking, as expected, the many Phoenix Witches and even the three legends who followed Shi Yu to the core area triggered the resistance of the flames again. They sensed the shocking heat and were about to fly to the core area when Legend Xiao Yuan and the president widened their eyes up and were stunned on the spot.

Although the restrictions on the witches and the Divine Masters of the Phoenix Court with the Phoenix bloodline were relatively alright, as they approached, Sun Flame quickly swept through the Phoenix Mystic Realm and stopped them outside. The hot Sun Flame made each of their expressions change. They didn’t doubt that if they took another step forward, they would immediately be burned to death.

“What happened…”

At this moment, Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court, who was flying in the sky, watched as the blue-haired and blue-eyed “Lu Bai” flew smoothly towards the core area. Her face was filled with confusion. She stared with a blank expression.

What was wrong with this guy?

Now, it could basically be determined.

He was the one who summoned the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

Moreover, apart from summoning the mystic realm, he also had a way to enter the core area of the mystic realm without letting the mystic realm hurt him!!

This Lu Bai was definitely not as simple as a new generation Beast Tamer who came to the Seven Islands to train.

From his smooth movements just now, this guy seemed to have planned it long ago.

Who exactly was this Lu Bai?

“Legend Ke, we need an explanation.” At this moment, being stopped outside the flames, the Divine Master of the Phoenix Court directly said to the motionless Ke Chuanqi.

“Explanation, what explanation… I’m also very confused now.” Legend Ke couldn’t take it anymore.

At the same time, the seven island Beast Tamers who were stopped outside the flames were also unable to deal with Legend Ke. They immediately recalled the bet agreement and their expressions darkened to the extreme.

At this moment, the Phoenix God Shrine had already become ruins. The commotion on Phoenix Mountain was very huge. In a short moment, nearby Beast Tamers had already arrived outside the divine shrine. They looked at the fallen divine shrine and the divine mountain covered in flames, and their hearts raced.

The matter of the Phoenix Mystic Realm was no longer a secret with the establishment of the divine temple and the rise of the Phoenix Court’s Ji Xiang. At this moment, many Beast Tamers immediately thought of something.

“This… Don’t tell me the Phoenix Mystic Realm appeared again!!”

At this moment, Shi Yu had already successfully arrived at the top of Phoenix Mountain. After the mystic realm overlapped with reality, it was in the core area.

The blue-haired and blue-eyed Shi Yu looked at the small tree with a burning gaze.

And the two spiritual flowers that looked like fire roses beside him.

After seeing these three resources, Shi Yu’s breathing almost stopped.

“We’re rich…” He said to Chi Tong!!

Coincidentally, the third index could detect these three resources. This meant that their usage methods, effects, attributes, and levels had all been recorded. These resources had been used by predecessors!

< Name > Sun Flame Flower

[Level]: Level 9 (Legendary-level)

< Introduction > It’s a strengthening resource. A flower that contains the power of the sun can be used to strengthen fire and light life forms. There’s a chance for pets to awaken Sun Flame skills.

There were two of these flowers. Both of them could increase the proficiency of Sun Flame. At this moment, Shi Yu finally understood why the Undying Dark Phoenix had let them come to this ruin.

He finally understood why there were resources here that could nurture Chi Tong. With this, even if it didn’t do anything, if Chi Tong ate it now, it could immediately obtain the power of a top-notch overlord and approach the totem level!!

It could allow Sun Flame’s skill proficiency to break through to perfection at a very fast speed and approach perfection.

Of course, this was not what Shi Yu was most concerned about. At this moment, what shocked him the most was that they were surrounding another fruit.

Because this white fruit had been detected by the index as a level-ten, Mythical resource!

This was the first time Shi Yu had seen a Mythical resource. The Wind Kirin fossil didn’t count. After all, its level had already fallen.

< Name > Undying Fruit

[Level]: Level 10 (Mythical)

< Introduction > It can allow dead lives to reincarnate in the form of undead and live a second life. After reviving and reincarnating, the lowest level of life growth is the totem level. If it’s higher than the totem level when it was alive, there’s a high chance of inheriting the power when it was alive and reincarnating in a perfect state to live a second life. There’s a very small chance of losing a portion of its power. It’s an Undying Divine Medicine that legendary emperors have searched for and pursued. It’s extremely precious!

Shi Yu’s eyes flickered.

“Unfortunately, it’s not a strengthening resource… However, if the user commits suicide and revives, it’ll be at the totem level. It’s also a different strengthening resource?”