Chapter 635 - Officially Stepping Into The World Of The Top Experts (4)

At this moment, Zheng Hai, Ji Feng, Zou Yun, and the other members of the Dong Huang exchange team were in a ruins space. They were brought back to the country faster by the cat.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the space, Zou Yun and the others felt that it was extremely exciting this time. They all knew what had happened just now.

Lu Bai cracked the Phoenix Ruins and obtained a Mythical and two Legendary resources!

It also attracted the guardian totem of the Red God Island to tear up the contract and snatch the resources!

It was a very soul-stirring matter, but because of the sudden reversal of the six totem dragon kings, Red God was slapped in the face!

As for the reason why the six totem dragon kings descended, it was because the Seven Islands Keyuan Financial Group and the totem faction had colluded to invade Dragon Palace City!!

Right on the heels of that, Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City joined forces to pressure the seven islands. The situation was unprecedentedly tense.

“Unfortunately, this kind of thing definitely can’t be publicized.” What a hot topic… Zou Yun felt that it was a pity.

“Speaking of which, where’s Lu Bai?” Zou Yun said.

“I don’t know, I didn’t see him,” Ji Feng said.

He should still be on the seven islands?” Ning Tianming said.

They were extremely envious. This Lu Bai was so ridiculous. Not only was he powerful, but he also became a key figure in cracking the seven island mystic realm. Even those famous archeological big shots in the country didn’t obtain one Mythical and two Legendary resources from the ruins mystic realm in one go, right?

Although they estimated that Lu Bai would still have to hand over these three resources, especially the Mythical resource, judging from Lu Bai’s performance, it was completely no problem for him to be rewarded with two legendary resources later.

This guy was already strong enough. If he obtained two suitable legendary resources, wouldn’t he be invincible?

“Zheng Hai, tell me. Weren’t you at the scene? What’s going on?” Zou Yun Heavenly King asked Zheng Hai beside him.

At this moment, Zheng Hai still had yet to recover.

He was filled with confusion.

Why were the totem dragon kings of Dragon Palace City so familiar with “Lu Bai”?

Why was there a guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University beside Lu Bai… Oh, no, it should be Dong Huang’s guardian gem cat now. Why was it protecting him?

Why did Lu Bai easily crack the Phoenix Ruins mystic realm even though he was clearly a disciple of a feeder?

Although this guy’s appearance, temperament, name, and age looked different from a certain person he knew, his identity configuration was too similar.

Moreover, that person had the Water Slime with abnormal strength, and Lu Bai’s ice-element pet had also appeared in the form of the Ice Slime King…

That person had the Phoenix hybrid heroic spirit that mastered the Sun Flame, while Lu Bai had the bird spirit that mastered the Phoenix Might of the Blue Ghost Flame!

Moreover, after this phoenix bird spirit possessed Lu Bai, it could actually make that realm disperse as if it had met its master. No matter how he thought about it, it didn’t seem right. It was too much of a coincidence.

So, this Lu Bai couldn’t be the person he was thinking of, right…

Zheng Hai’s expression was exaggerated, and the corners of his mouth twitched.

He could even make the connection. If nothing went wrong, soon, the seven islands might also be able to make the connection.

Sigh, of course, what made Zheng Hai most uncomfortable was that he didn’t know if he could still enter the Mythical Ruins of the seven islands to cultivate.

“Hey, hey, hey, Zheng Hai, what are you thinking about?” Zou Yun looked at Zheng Hai, who was sitting on the sofa in silence and deep in thought.

Zheng Hai was stunned. He raised his head and looked at Zou Tianwang. “It’s nothing. I just thought of a subtle and painful possibility.”

“I better not talk nonsense with you guys…”

The truth might be too cruel.

….

Seven islands, Red God Island.

Ji Xiang, the legendary Beast Tamer of the Phoenix Temple, was not concerned about the conflict between Dragon Palace City, Dong Huang, and the seven islands. At this moment, she was gathering information about the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already successfully arrived at Dong Huang, Demon Capital!

The signal between Dong Huang and the seven islands was not connected, so during the time he was on the seven islands, the information Shi Yu’s cell phone received from Dong Huang could not be displayed. There was a delay.

At this moment, after entering the Dong Huang Sea Region again, Shi Yu’s cell phone seemed to have been bombed. There were many messages.

Among them, the one who sent the most messages was the legendary Mechanic from Shen Feng.

[Dr. Shi Yu, when can we communicate?]

[Dr. Shi Yu, the Shen Feng exchange team has already arrived at Dong Huang. Among them is the mechanical pet that you want to study to master the ‘super alloy’ skill.]

[Dr. Shi Yu…]

Shi Yu was silent. He had almost forgotten about this guy. This Mechanic from Shen Feng had also participated in the Mechanical Conference at that time. He had been eyeing Shi Yu’s mechanical phantom beast technology and wanted to poach him.

At that time, Shi Yu only asked one question. Did the other party have a pet that had mastered the super alloy skill?

After this Dr. Aiqi said no, Shi Yu decisively ignored him.

He didn’t expect the other party to be so persistent… Shi Yu patted his forehead.

“Forget it.” He originally wanted to find an opportunity to replicate the superalloy skill on the seven islands on the way, but he seemed to have forgotten. In that case, it looked like he still had to deal with this Dr Aqi.

After replicating the skill, he could study Eleven’s Light and Darkness Evolution. However, before that, Shi Yu estimated that after returning to the country, it would be so troublesome to deal with various matters related to the seven islands. The association would have many things to ask him to understand.

“This matter is indeed more troublesome. It’s not just Yun An, but also the Abyss Duck… Let’s stay quietly and steadily in Dong Huang for a while…”

“Be good and add points. Should I go to the Heavenly Fox Nation first, Rongguang, or Tingxiang?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

However, he felt that he couldn’t use Lu Bai’s alias anymore.

Even if no one connected Lu Bai to Shi Yu, Lu Bai would probably be banned from Tingxiang and Rongguang.

Therefore, it was indeed more suitable to go to the Heavenly Fox Nation where vixens were everywhere… Shi Yu also had another plan, which was to use the [Bone Sword and Undead Revival] to kill some enemy overlords of the totem country to be Chi Tong’s servants. He felt that the nine-tailed fox was pretty good!

—-