Chapter 634 - Officially Stepping Into The World Of The Top Experts (3)

Shi Yu scratched his cheek in embarrassment.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It meant that they should stop thinking about it.

The mythical resource has been eaten…

Silence, complete silence. At this moment, the entire mystic realm space was dead silent.

The moment these words came out of his mouth, every super life form present, including the Tyrannical Sea Legend, the Gem Cat, and the various totem dragon kings, widened their eyes and opened their mouths wide. Their hearts exploded.

“!!!!”

Among them, the extremely crude Ice Dragon let out a heart-wrenching cry.

Undying Fruit!!!

Wasn’t this the super Undying Divine Medicine that Emperor Shi had searched for but could never find?!

Shi Yu obtained it? He obtained it?

It was fine if he found it, but he even ate it himself??

What was this if not a waste!!!

The Tyrannical Sea Legend, the Totem Dragon King, and the gem cats looked at Shi Yu with stunned expressions.

“You, you, you ate it???” Legend Sea Tyrant was stunned.

“That Undying Fruit that will let you reincarnate into a totem-level undead after eating it, be it because of an accident or normal death??” The Sea Dragon King looked at Shi Yu in shock.

The Azure Dragon King, the Immortal Dragon King, the Thunder Dragon King, the Space Dragon King, and the other totem dragon kings looked at Shi Yu with red eyes.

What a waste.

Why did he eat such a good thing?

Wasn’t it good to give it to them?

He was a Beast Tamer. Shouldn’t he keep it for his pet??

“Yes, that Undying Fruit. If I die, my soul should be able to be preserved and become a totem-level undead life form,” Shi Yu said with a sigh.

“Do you feel anything else unusual?” Legend Sea Tyrant’s expression was complicated.

Was he not afraid that the fruit will have side effects??? How could he?

However, looking at Shi Yu’s lively appearance, he seemed to be fine.

In other words, Shi Yu’s next lifespan might be longer than that of a legendary Beast Tamer?

It could even survive for a thousand years and become the guardian ghost god with the longest inheritance of Dong Huang?

“No, oh, wait, the strength of my soul seems to have increased a little. I should be completely immune to soul and spiritual attacks below the totem level now. Even above the totem level, I should be able to avoid most of the damage,” Shi Yu said.

After eating the Undying Fruit, he could already clearly feel the power of his mental strength and soul power.

His body was already extremely strong. At this moment, after the Undying Fruit entered his mouth, there were no shortcomings inside or out.

From now on, if some enemies wanted to curse and attack him through mental abilities, it was very likely that they would be ignored by Shi Yu unless it were a totem level attack.

Unfortunately, there were no other obvious effects. The true effect of the Undying Fruit could only be displayed after death.

Of course, this was also not bad. The increase in mental and soul strength also meant that Shi Yu, after being possessed by Chi Tong, could erupt with stronger power.

Even if he didn’t eat the Time Fruit, with Chi Tong and Shi Yu’s current cooperation, it shouldn’t be a problem for them to clear the ten stages of the path of champion and defeat that Cloud Tiger head-on.

It could be said that the red-haired Shi Yu form now had the initial battle power of a “stable overlord”.

The strength was not much inferior to the gem cat before it broke through.

Though, he didn’t know if it was strong or weak.

Apart from that, Shi Yu felt that his meditation efficiency had also improved greatly. If nothing went wrong, the success rate of contracting an overlord-level pet with a level-six space would also be higher.

“Roar!!!” The Dragon Kings, the gem cat, and the Tyrannical Sea Legend still stared at Shi Yu.

At the thought of Shi Yu eating the Undying Fruit, their hearts bled.

“Wu wu.” Especially the gem cat, whose eyes were filled with tears.

Did anyone know how much effort it had spent to break through to the totem level? How long had it been saving up? It had gone through quite some pains…

As for Shi Yu, he had only become a Beast Tamer for a few years, but he was about to have totem-level strength.

At the thought that after Shi Yu died, his strength would immediately be on par with its own, the gem cat cried.

The other totem dragon kings and Tyrannical Sea Legends also instantly understood the meaning of Shi Yu eating the Undying Fruit.

Although it was impossible for Shi Yu to want to court death now, after he died, he would undoubtedly become Dong Huang’s new guardian.

Totem-level battle power!

If what Shi Yu said was true, then he could completely be on equal footing with the guardian level/totem level now.

In Dong Huang’s position, he would leap into the core circle, equivalent to a Titled Legendary expert, with one foot in the ranks of top experts!

The totem dragon kings looked at Shi Yu in front of them and were speechless.

“When do you plan to die?” Many experts asked Shi Yu.

Shi Yu: “?”

“It’s best if I die of old age!” Shi Yu said.

Now, Shi Yu was most worried that he couldn’t die, especially after he had already become a Mythical Beast Tamer and cultivated a bunch of Mythical pets.

Then wouldn’t the Undying Fruit be eaten for nothing? What a waste.

As for why it was wasted, it was because he suspected that it shouldn’t be difficult to create an Undying Fruit after Baby Ginseng reached the Mythical stage.

….

At this moment, the seven islands were in turmoil.

Apart from the legendary Valkyrie, three of the guardians of the other five islands had already awakened.

Apart from the Warring States Legend, the other two Titled Legends of the seven islands also understood the cause and effect. They flew to Red God Island in silence.

Although the chances were not high, in order to prevent the conflict from escalating and causing damage to the new generation, Ice Dragon and the Gem Cat, as bodyguards, began to escort the non-legendary battle power of the Dong Huang exchange team back to the country under the teleportation of the Space Dragon King. The exchange activity was temporarily suspended.