Chapter 637 - Sigh, It'S Great Having Two Alternate Accounts (2)

During the process of rushing to the ancient capital, Shi Yu sent a message to Dr Aqi of Shen Feng and arranged a time to meet him.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He was prepared to find an opportunity to replicate the “superalloy” skill.

Apart from Dr. Aqi, something else happened during Shi Yu’s time away. At the same time, Senior Lu had also sent Shi Yu a very important message.

The Void Mantis had broken through to the overlord level.

Fortunately, she successfully tricked the Void Mantis and became its guide to travel all over Dong Huang. For the time being, she could still meditate and cultivate in the Space Emperor Ruins.

When I go to the other three Space Emperor hatching bases, I might be able to call the Void Mantis along, Shi Yu thought.

Overlord-level spatial element.

And it was cultivated by the Space Emperor.

It should be better than Buggy.

It could be used during the time the gem cat went on strike…

…

Ancient Capital University.

Mechanic class.

Ever since “Dr. Shi Yu” developed the mechanical phantom beast system, this specialization had taken off.

The Mechanical Beast course had also become a compulsory course for Mechanic students of Ancient Capital University.

Even many students from other departments insisted on changing majors.

Including some other schools, they also sent exchange students to the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University to learn.

For example, Fang Lan and her parents were currently studying and researching at Ancient Capital University…

For a moment, the limelight of the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University vaguely exceeded that of Star Capital and Imperial Capital University.

“Dean Hao.”

In the Mechanical College, Dean Hao had already regarded this place as his home.

At this moment, he was working hard in the office. He was definitely going to turn the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University into a top-notch specialization in the country.

Initially, this was hopeless, but because of the all-round genius of Ancient Capital University, everything became hopeful.

“Shi Yu???”

At this moment, when he heard a familiar voice from outside the door, Dean Hao was stunned. He immediately welcomed him in surprise. He ran over to open the door himself. After opening the door, he saw the energetic Shi Yu and laughed. “Why are you here?”

No more than ten people in Dong Huang knew that Shi Yu had gone to the seven islands, so Dean Hao thought that Shi Yu had been cultivating there for the past half a month.

After Shi Yu entered, he smiled and said, “I’ve made an appointment with Shen Feng’s exchange team. They should bring the ‘Alloy Monster’ to Ancient Capital University to visit later. I’d like to ask you to prepare some metal materials and cooperate with research to explore the evolution skills of the Alloy Monster.”

“Shen Feng exchange team?!” Dean Hao was stunned. “You invited them?”

“They also wanted to visit the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University previously, but they were rejected by me and Principal Feng.”

“This group of people has been thinking about the mechanical phantom beast technology these days.”

“Because they haven’t been able to get it, it’s been very noisy these few days.”

Shi Yu smiled. “Of course not. Just brush it off. I’m mainly more interested in their alloy monsters.”

Dean Hao nodded and said, “Alloy monster… What do you want it for?”

Shi Yu said, “It’s a superalloy skill. It can help pets complete evolution by fusing different metal powers. Don’t you think it’s very suitable for iron-eating beasts?”

“Ah…” Dean Hao had a strange expression.” It makes sense, but isn’t your Iron-eating Beast… ”

Didn’t it f*cking evolve into the Mythical race?!

Why was he still researching evolution!

Moreover, superalloy was a Mechanic skill.

Did he want to modify a mechanical panda?

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Eleven and I naturally don’t have many thoughts. Isn’t this to benefit the entire iron-eating beast race? After all, a conventional evolution method is too difficult. Not every iron-eating beast’s Beast Tamer can afford to consume it.”

As if ~

He wanted Eleven to continue evolving.

Although there were no other race levels during this period of time, even just a quasi Mythical race was insane. The difference in this level was incomparably huge.

After transcendent life forms reached the totem level, they were constantly optimizing their race. As a quasi-mythical race, the optimization of the Red God Totem of the seven islands would definitely be worlds apart from an optimization of a demigod like the Dragon God.

Therefore, evolution was endless.

“I see. Alright, basically, you want to prepare some rare metal materials,” Dean Hao said.

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Yes.”

….

Director Zhong of the Sequence Competition Committee was very happy that the Dong Huang exchange team that went to the seven islands returned early.

He immediately contacted Ji Feng, Zheng Hai, Zou Yun, Tong Yan, and Ning Tianming and pulled up an online chat.

Director Zhong: “I’ve already heard that there was an accident with the seven islands exchange, but you came back at the right time.”

Zou Yun: “What’s wrong, Director Zhong? Could it be…”

Director Zhong was the person in charge of the eighth bureau’s Education Bureau. At the moment, he was in charge of the Sequence Battle selection and a member of the Sequence Battle Committee. Under normal circumstances, if the exchange teams from other countries came to Dong Huang, Director Zhong was most likely one of the people who picked them up, just like when he received the Ming Hua exchange team.

Director Zhong: “Not long ago, the Shen Feng exchange team came to Dong Huang. Among them, there are two Shen Feng world competition contestants. In the beginning, they only carried out ordinary Mechanic academic exchanges, but in the past few days, they have started to challenge the Sequence contestants of Dong Huang.”

[Originally, they wanted to challenge the top ten of the Sequence, but you guys weren’t around when you went to the seven islands, so they started to challenge the top 20 of the Sequence. Now that they’ve basically challenged everyone, our people have all lost.]

[Every time they win, they like to post the results on social media. At the moment, the online reviews are very bad for us. We urgently need a victory.]