Chapter 633 - Officially Stepping Into The World Of The Top Experts (2)

….

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this point, the conflict temporarily stopped to avoid escalation.

It was impossible for Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang to really have a violent conflict on the seven islands.

After all, there were still too many civilians. At that time, they would undoubtedly be condemned by the other allies. Of course, it would only be verbal condemnation.

Apart from that, the most important reason was that there was a legendary figure on the seven islands.

Be it the Legendaries of Dong Huang or the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, they basically only attacked when Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City were in danger. Therefore, if they forced the seven islands and ignited the killing weapon, the Seven Islands’ Valkyrie… Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City were unwilling to see this scene.

At the moment, no faction could withstand a demigod/legendary invasion without huge damage.

As long as the seven islands didn’t really betray the Seven Nation Alliance, this incident would ultimately be resolved at the negotiation table. Of course, from the current situation, there was no doubt that Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City, who were stronger and had a reason, would receive a large sum of compensation.

In the end, the six Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City pulled the “Red God” as a rat hostage and opened a temporary mystic realm on the Red God Island as a residence.

[Red God: QAQ]

As for the members of the Dragon Palace City Environmental Protection Department who came with the Six Dragon Kings, they entered Red God Island openly. They wanted to investigate the Ke Yuan Financial Group with the cooperation of the seven islands.

As for Dong Huang, they also decided to stop the exchange activity first and escort the members of the exchange team back to the country. Moreover, they would mobilize their battle power from Dong Huang to the seven islands.

At this moment, looking at the Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City, the gem cat, the Tyrannical Sea Legend, and Lu Bai entered the mystic realm space that the Sky Dragon King had temporarily opened. On the seven islands, the Legend of the Warring States and the others wanted to cry but had no tears. They were helpless.

The current tense situation had calmed down. However, this was clearly only the beginning. Neither the seven islands nor Dong Huang knew which side the situation would develop next.

“It’s over…”

In this conflict, even a legend like the president of the Red God Island couldn’t interrupt the whole time. Legend Xiao Yuan, God Lord Red Fire, and the others stood trembling underground the whole time.

Fortunately… there was no battle. Otherwise, none of them would have survived.

Of course, the most miserable victim of the seven islands this time was none other than the Phoenix Divine Society. Their home was gone.

Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court stood silently on Phoenix Mountain. The Phoenix Court’s Ji Yi and the other Phoenix Witches stood beside the legend of the Phoenix Court and silently looked at the ruined divine temple.

This was the first time they had seen so many totems and such a huge formation. For a moment, they had yet to recover from their fear.

“Teacher, what should we… do next?” Jie Yi asked.

Ji Xiang looked at her and said with a complicated gaze, “Next, lead them to find a place to settle down… I might have to go to Dong Huang.”

“Teacher, you want to find that ‘Lu Bai’ to ask about the Phoenix Mystic Realm, right?” Jie Yi immediately said, “I want to go with you.”

….

In the independent mystic realm established by the Space Dragon King.

It was like a super conference room.

After Dong Huang and the Dragon Palace entered, the Tyrannical Sea Legend said to Shi Yu,

“Next, you should return to the country first. There might be some conflict in the subsequent negotiation process. The higher-ups of the seven islands will probably all gather. If the other higher-ups of the seven islands are also involved with the totem country, it’s undoubtedly very dangerous to stay. After all, you’ve just obtained Mythical and legendary resources here.”

Shi Yu said, “I understand, I understand…”

He didn’t want to stay anymore.

“It’s just about my ten legendary resources… I have to find a reliable negotiator.”

Tyrannical Sea Legend: ???

“Do you really think the seven islands can take out 20 legendary resources?” The corners of the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s mouth twitched.

“Don’t think too much. This negotiation will probably last for a long time. Compared to this, Yun An’s traces are the most important.”

“Then the right to explore permanently is fine too.” Shi Yu felt that Mother Dragon was right. After he became stronger, it would be more convenient to have a legal right to explore the seven islands.

Tyrannical Sea Legend sighed and felt tired.

At this moment, he thought of something and asked,

“What are the resources you obtained from the Phoenix Mystic Realm?”

“Yeah, what are the Mythical resources you obtained from the seven islands?!”

At this moment, as they entered the independent space, be it the Tyrannical Sea Legend, the Totem Dragon King, or the gem cat, they all stared at Shi Yu intently.

As for Shi Yu, he fell silent for a moment and revealed an embarrassed expression.

He said, “The two legendary resources are the Sun Flame Flowers, which cultivates the power of the sun.”

“Huh?”

Many Dragon Kings revealed bored expressions.

Tyrannical Sea Legend nodded. Just like the Sun Flame Flame in the Phoenix Mystic Realm outside, it was also the same as the description of the Undying Dark Phoenix. It looked like the Phoenix Mystic Realm was really an inheritance resource left behind by the Undying Dark Phoenix for Chi Tong?

“What is the Mythical resource!!!” Ice Dragon King roared. Damn it, it didn’t even obtain Mythical resources when exploring Mythical ruins like the Dragon God Ruins. Why could Shi Yu, this damn thing, obtain Mythical resources when he came to the seven islands?

“Well…”

“The situation was dangerous just now. That big flame guy wanted to attack me, and I was shocked. When I thought that there might be more seven island totems coming to snatch it later, I ate the Mythical resource first… That’s the Undying Divine Medicine, the Undying Fruit.”