Chapter 639 - Sigh, It'S Great Having Two Alternate Accounts (4)

When the three sisters went out to battle, the land would be desecrated!

Shi Yu continued to lie down. Sigh, clones were so useful. It was like he had two alternate game accounts.

With a clone, he could let his pet bring the clone to fight everywhere, and he would slack off!

….

At the same time.

A plane was heading to Ancient Capital.

In the plane, the seven-man-sized Shen Feng exchange team members had different expressions.

Dr Aqi, who was in the lead, looked troubled.

Hard work paid off. This damn Shi Yu finally agreed to communicate with them.

And the premise was to let Dong Huang study the unique pet alloy monster of their Shen Feng.

If it were other technological products, Shen Feng might still be conflicted, but the alloy monster… The seven islands also mastered this technology, so there was no problem. If Shen Feng didn’t give it to him, Dong Huang could also go to the seven islands to study it. It was better to let Shi Yu get his way in this case, lest the seven islands beat him to it.

Therefore, Dr Aqi immediately gathered some researchers from his hometown and let them bring two alloy monsters over.

Among them, the two strongest Mechanics under the legendary level among the new generation under the age of 30 also came over.

They were extremely curious about this Dr. Shi Yu, the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang. They had long wanted to learn from him.

Unfortunately, they had not even a single trace of him.

“I can finally see that Dr. Shi Yu.”

On the plane, a golden-haired young man spun a key with anticipation in his eyes.

“Lundi, several Beast Tamers in the front row of the Sequence on Dong Huang’s side suddenly responded to the challenge. Ji Feng, Zou Yun, and the others.” Beside him, a blonde and blue-eyed woman held a cell phone and said in surprise.

Lendi shook his head and said, “Don’t worry about them. We just have to challenge the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang.”

“The two of you, shut up!” Dr Aqi said angrily. “Don’t mess around. Our goal is the mechanical phantom beast technology. We want to befriend this Dr. Shi Yu, not let the two of you challenge him!”

“Can the two of you save me some trouble?”

The blonde woman smiled and said, “Doctor, how can Dong Huang communicate with us about mechanical phantom beasts? We just have to deal with the tasks above. Don’t tell me you really think you can gain anything?”

“Why don’t we let this Shi Yu see the strength of our Shen Feng? When he knows the strength of Shen Feng, he might directly join our Shen Feng. No matter what, we’re also the number one country among the seven countries.”

Aqi said, “That won’t do either!”

Lendi said helplessly, “Then answer the challenge of that Ji Feng and Zou Yun.”

….

The Shen Feng exchange team arrived very quickly. During this period of time, they had encountered a wall in Dong Huang for a long time. This time, Shi Yu and Ancient Capital University finally agreed to communicate with them. The Shen Feng exchange team was extremely teary-eyed.

As the number one technological country, when they went to other countries to communicate about the Mechanic class, they had never suffered such grievances!

The only regret the two young Mechanics had was that the leading doctor didn’t allow them to challenge Shi Yu, afraid that it would ruin the friendship between the two countries and cause them to be unable to obtain the mechanical phantom beast technology.

At the second airport of the ancient capital, a tall, white-skinned exchange team walked out of the airport. When the people by the roadside saw them, they started discussing.

“The Beast Tamers of the Divine Eagle Nation?” A passerby immediately exclaimed after discovering them.

This group of people had not stopped in Dong Huang recently. They were even more high-profile than the previous Ming Hua exchange team!

In Shen Feng, Internet communication was much more developed than Dong Huang, so the people and Beast Tamers there had developed the habit of showing off on the Internet.

Therefore, the itinerary for the past few days, especially the battle experience, was announced online anytime and anywhere. They even registered on Dong Huang’s social media accounts because of this.

Many Beast Tamers were also familiar with Dr Aqi, who was in the lead. This was because this guy’s arrogant performance at the Mechanical Conference made the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang very unhappy.

As soon as they appeared in the ancient capital, they immediately attracted a lot of attention and guessed their goal in coming to the ancient capital.

“I knew it. We can quickly become famous in Dong Huang.” Listening to the chattering around him, Lendi, who was looking straight ahead, smiled. He looked smug and enjoyed this feeling very much.

“Although it’s not really a friendly kind of famous,” the blonde woman, Elise, said casually.

Apart from the two of them, the other five middle-aged and old Mechanics were also chatting. “Now, I’m more and more certain that in the past 20 years, our technological level has already far exceeded Dong Huang.”

“This is very normal. Among our Beast Tamers, Mechanics account for more than 50%, and it’s already not bad for Dong Huang to have 5%. Obviously, they haven’t given up on the other Beast Taming branches.”

“However, it can’t be denied that there are indeed some geniuses among them. If this Shi Yu can migrate to Shen Feng, he can definitely obtain better development. His talent will be delayed in Dong Huang.”

The few old men discussed and spoke in bird language that others couldn’t understand. After coming out of the airport, they directly walked in the direction of Ancient Capital University.

Although the surrounding passers-by were curious, they didn’t dare to take photos of them and go up to talk to them. They could only take out their cell phones and use words to post that the Shen Feng exchange team had come to the ancient capital.

After all, among this group of people, they were all above top-notch masters. Taking another look was also very stressful for passers-by.