Chapter 636 - Sigh, It'S Great Having Two Alternate Accounts (1)

Dong Huang, Demon Capital.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The specific incidents of the Seven Islands incident had already been sent back to Dong Huang before Shi Yu and the others.

President Lin of the Dong Huang Association had been waiting for Shi Yu and the others to return to Demon Capital for a long time.

Just as Shi Yu and the others arrived in Demon Capital, Shi Yu was summoned by President Lin.

In the absence of the mechanical legend, President Lin Xiao stood at the peak of Dong Huang’s power.

Division 13 of Dong Huang was established by President Lin alone. Division 13 was also led by President Lin Xiao alone.

He and the other titled legends also represented Dong Huang’s strategic power, which was comparable to a human-type forbidden weapon.

“Yun An’s tracks…”

“Two Sun Flame Flowers…”

“And the Undying Fruit you ate…”

In the private room, a young man in his twenties in luxurious clothes was drinking tea quietly. He looked calm, as if what happened on the seven islands still couldn’t shock him too much.

President Lin looked at Shi Yu in front of him and fell silent. He put down his teacup.

As expected, he was a troublemaker. He was like a moving attraction, having some of his ancestor Lin Feng’s style.

However…

Whether there were factions on the seven islands that might collude with the Yun An faction, or that Dragon Palace City would one day attack the seven islands, or that there was really a possibility of Mythical and legendary resources appearing in the Phoenix Mystic Realm, President Lin Xiao actually expected all of the outcomes.

The only thing he didn’t expect was that the Mythical resource would actually be the Undying Fruit. Moreover, the fact that Shi Yu actually ate it directly.

“What good luck.” Even President Lin couldn’t help but sigh.

At the same time, he felt a little regretful.

If only such a fruit had appeared earlier.

If it could be eaten by the mechanical legend or the Dragon God, it might be able to be of greater use.

Of course, it was reasonable for Shi Yu to eat it. After all, this inheritance was left behind by the Undying Dark Phoenix for Shi Yu and the others. At the same time, Shi Yu and the others were the ones who cracked the Phoenix Mystic Realm.

It was alright. Compared to still relying on the older generation, believing in the new generation might be a good choice.

After eating the Undying Fruit, Shi Yu’s safety in the World Tournament would be greater.

He might not be able to determine the future of the other new generations, but Shi Yu…

Not only did he obtain the recognition of the Blue Sea Sprite, but he also obtained a Mythical opportunity. He would definitely become a totem-level guardian ghost in the future.

However, President Lin kept feeling that it was still a little unstable.

“You’ve already eaten the Undying Fruit. The Sun Flame Flower seems to be a useful resource for you, so you should use it reasonably.”

Shi Yu nodded crazily. “Yes, yes.”

In that case, he accepted it.

“Apart from that, I’ll give you a mission. The mission reward is a legendary resource.”

Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

“Anyone is good. Try your best to get married and have children before you turn 30. For every child you have, I’ll give you a legendary resource,” President Lin said.

“Pfft…”

Shi Yu almost spat out his tea. What kind of mission was this?

Although it looked simple and looked like legendary resources were readily available, why did he feel that it was even harder than cracking a Mythical Ruins?

“Next is to investigate Yun An with all our might.”

President Lin stood up. In his opinion, compared to seeking compensation from the seven islands, it was more reliable to deal with Yun An as soon as possible. It could strengthen Dong Huang’s national strength.

In particular, the Ke Yuan Financial Group had used the power of Yun An to develop a totem-level radiation monster without the seven islands noticing. This was impressive… The value of Yun An, this extraterrestrial monster, might be even greater than they had imagined at the start.

“President Lin, there’s one more thing…”

“Tell me.”

“Our Environmental Protection Department subdued the boss of the Western Abyss Sea, the Abyssal Demon Duck, on the seven islands.”

President Lin: “?”

“Reincarnation,” Shi Yu said. “As I have the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation here and can supervise it, I’ll keep it beside me and raise it first…”

President Lin was silent. This guy was the god of troublemaking.

…

After Shi Yu returned to Dong Huang, he returned to his original appearance.

After his secret meeting with President Lin, he rushed to Ancient Capital and went home.

Of course, there was also the gem cat that didn’t plan to return to the seven islands.

It yawned. Although it felt that it was pretty good to return to the seven islands to eat and drink with Bing Bing, considering that it was not safe there, it still decided to retire in Dong Huang.

“I have a feeling that as they talk, they will definitely fight on a small scale,” the gem cat muttered.

After all, the seven islands still had a legendary figure. It was impossible for her to still not come out after such a big thing…

It didn’t want to be beaten up!

“Can you look forward to something better?” Shi Yu said.

“Do you think we should look for the Undying Dark Phoenix after returning to the ancient capital?” the gem cat asked.

“Let’s ask about two more ruins locations.”

The Phoenix Mystic Realm was so fragrant.

Unfortunately, there were no resources it could use.

Gem, gem, gem! It wanted a gem!

“Forget it, forget it.”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. He would digest his gains first.

This time, when he cracked the Phoenix Mystic Realm, he didn’t find any abnormalities in the Undead Battlefield in the ancient capital. This also made Shi Yu conflicted about the Undying Dark Phoenix’s words again.

Perhaps this guy was really a good person?

When Chi Tong reached the totem level and mastered the transcendent-level Sun Flame, should it really save the Undying Dark Phoenix?

Well, they definitely have to save it…

However, considering that the Undying Dark Phoenix Transformation might have been at the demigod level when it was alive and its methods were extremely terrifying, Shi Yu felt that it was not very stable to only master transcendent-level Sun Flame and totem-level strength to save it.

It was better to upgrade Chi Tong’s Sun Flame to the “Dao Proficiency” level and let Chi Tong’s strength approach that of a demigod. After possessing him, they could reach the level of a demigod. Then, they could save it. It was stable.