Chapter 631 - : Releasing The Beast Shi Yu (5)

“I believe that the Seven Islands won’t betray the Seven Nation Alliance.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“However, Legend of the Warring States, please seriously investigate the situation of your country’s Ke Yuan Financial Group and whether they colluded with the totem country.”

The Warring States Legend sighed and said, “I will. If a traitor appears internally, we will definitely punish him severely and give Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City an explanation.”

“Explain!!!” The Dragon Palace City Lord, the Sea Dragon King, who had come to claim compensation this time, said, “That’s easy to say. Can your Seven Islands afford the loss of a totem invasion!!”

“Based on the losses in Dragon Palace City…”

“This matter won’t end without ten legendary or one Mythical resource!”

Legend of the Warring States, Red God, and many legends of the Seven Islands: ???

Damn, how could they ask for so much!

The legend of the Warring States said with a dark expression, “After investigating the matter, we will naturally give Dragon Palace City a reasonable explanation.”

In order to appease the Dragon Kings in Dragon Palace City, he didn’t directly refuse, but he didn’t agree either.

In short, if he really found out something, it had nothing to do with him either!

The Keyuan Financial Group was one of the ten largest financial groups on the Seven Islands and had a rich family background. If there was really a traitor inside, the Keyuan Financial Group would definitely confiscate it. At that time, they would directly compensate from the Keyuan Financial Group!

Now, the only thing the legend of the Warring States was worried about was that the core assets of the Ke Yuan Financial Group had also been transferred away. If the higher-ups of the Ke Yuan Financial Group disappeared collectively, it might be a conspiracy by Dragon Palace City or Dong Huang. Then, if the core assets of the Ke Yuan Financial Group also disappeared, there was definitely a problem internally.

This was the worst situation for the Seven Islands.

“I hope your country can give us a reasonable explanation. In addition, shouldn’t your island’s guardian give us a certain explanation for attacking our Beast Tamer Dong Huang?” At this moment, after the Tyrannical Sea Legend finished playing the role of a good cop in Dragon Palace City, his tone suddenly rose as he said to the Warring States Legend and the Red God.

“Lu Bai, are you alright?”

At the same time, the Tyrannical Sea Legend looked at Shi Yu and immediately asked about Shi Yu’s situation. From Shi Yu’s arrogant appearance, it didn’t seem like anything was wrong.

“I’m fine,” Shi Yu said. “It’s that big guy who wanted to snatch my resources. If it weren’t for the power of the mystic realm stopping it, I might have died.”

Red God: “???”

Damn it, was this guy being reasonable? That cat had definitely been hiding beside him the whole time. Even if it didn’t block the fire, he was fine, alright? Moreover, its fire hand originally wanted to snatch resources, so why would he die!

“Legend of the Warring States, the agreement is clear in black and white. If the Seven Islands’ unsolved mystic realm is cracked by our country’s Beast Tamer during this period, the problem of the resource ownership is very clear. Therefore, what does your country’s guardian mean by snatching the resources??”

The Warring States Legend had a defeated look the whole time today. He looked at Red God in silence, and Red God’s rat tail swayed. It turned its head and didn’t look at him directly.

“Lord Red God has been asleep for a long time. It didn’t know about the bet. A Mythical-level resource and two Legendary-level resources suddenly appeared in the mystic realm. Such a powerful energy wave is even coming from Lord Red God’s protected territory. It’s normal for it to be awakened and protect the resources,” the legend of the Warring States said.

Legend Sea Tyrant was not satisfied with this statement and said, “This matter won’t end without ten legendary resources or a Mythical resource.”

Legend of the Warring States: ???

At this moment, the Beast Tamers of the Seven Islands could tell that this group of people were bandits!

At this moment, the people from the Dragon Palace, led by the Sea Dragon King, were also very surprised when they heard these conversations. This was because they only knew that Shi Yu had been bullied, but they didn’t know why Shi Yu had been bullied.

At that moment, when they heard that he was bullied because Shi Yu had dug up a mythical and two legendary resources on the Seven Islands, they immediately widened their eyes. They also wanted to bully Shi Yu and ask for protection fees.

Especially the Ice Dragon King, who said in shock, “Kid, is this for real? One mythical, two legendaries??”

“…” Shi Yu looked at the totem dragon kings who suddenly stared at him and the corners of his mouth twitched. Holy shit, could it be that these bandits had their eyes on him? They weren’t going to snatch a child’s money, right?

They should be exorting the Seven Islands!

Why were they staring at him!

“Yes… However, the two legendary resources are both fire-element. They don’t seem to be useful to you seniors.” There was no fire-element Dragon King in Dragon Palace City. This made Shi Yu heave a sigh of relief. At least he didn’t have to be worried.

“What is the Mythical resource?” the Sea Dragon King asked curiously. The other Dragon Kings also looked at Shi Yu eagerly. After all, Mythical resources were super top-notch resources even for them. They had a chance of being used to try to become top-notch totems and demigods!

At the mention of Mythical resources, Shi Yu smiled and said, “Let’s talk when we get back.”

That thing… was already in his stomach…

Fortunately, he had already eaten it. Otherwise, Shi Yu estimated that this group of Dragon Kings would be envious. At that time, no matter how he dealt with it, it would be very troublesome. It was better to eat it himself.

Of course, although he had eaten the Undying Fruit, Shi Yu didn’t plan to commit suicide. This thing was equivalent to a revival armor. It only had one effect. He could wait for himself to die of old age or in an accident.

Even Shi Yu didn’t know when the Undying Fruit he ate would take effect.

“Let’s talk when we get back!”

The totem dragon kings were extremely excited. At the same time, because of the conversation just now, these dragon kings thought of something.

Shi Yu was a super archeological genius who could even crack the Blue Sea Ruins and was recognized by the Dragon God.

In a mystic realm, Shi Yu had obtained one Mythical resource and two Legendary-level resources. Just now, weren’t the resources they were asking for too little in comparison??

The Ice Dragon King was very smart. It looked at the legend of the Warring States angrily and said, “We’ve changed our mind. Apart from what we mentioned just now, from today onwards, the ruins mystic realm of the Seven Islands will be permanently publicized to Dragon Palace City. All the gains from the mystic realms will belong to Dragon Palace City.”

They wanted to go all out!

The other Dragon Kings felt that it was very impressive.

Wonderful.

Legend of the Warring States: ???

The Dragon Palace City wanted to release Shi Yu on these guys!