Chapter 638 - Sigh, It'S Great Having Two Alternate Accounts (3)

[Many netizens hope that you can come out and fight, but you weren’t in the country at that time. Now, who’s interested?]

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Zou Yun: “Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me! I’ll do it! Don’t fight with me!!”

[I knew it was this matter. I have a lot of fans tagging me and asking me to fight when I return.]

In the Dark Club in Demon Capital, Heavenly King Zou’s eyes were red.

Damn it, he didn’t get any hot topics on the seven islands this time. After returning to the country, there were finally hot topics.

Thank you, Shen Feng’s friend, for laying the foundation for his popularity!!!

When he insta-killed this group of Shen Feng world contestants, he would directly take off!

Everyone: […]

Zheng Hai: “Aren’t Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and the others around?”

Director Zhong: “I can’t contact Lu Qingyi. For Shi Yu… Shen Feng’s exchange team is here for Shi Yu’s mechanical phantom beast technology. Shi Yu is probably avoiding them too. It’s better not to trouble him.”

Zou Yun: “So, leave it to me!”

Director Zhong wasn’t very convinced. “Little Zou, are you stable? Although the other party isn’t a legend, he’s a genius Mechanic of Shen Feng. He’s known as the Shen Feng Mechanical Gemini. He’s the first or the second person under legend in the new generation of Shen Feng under the age of 30.”

Zou Yun: “Huh?”

Ji Feng: “Let me do it. After dealing with the number one person below the legendary level of the seven islands, I can use the number one person below the legendary level of the Shen Feng to try. These people can’t be stronger than Shi Yu and Lu Bai, right?”

Director Zhong: “Eh? Looks like your experience on the seven islands is pretty rich. But who’s Lu Bai?”

Who was Lu Bai…

The Beast Tamers who went to the seven islands were stunned. Director Zhong actually didn’t know about Lu Bai?

Tong Yan: “A disciple of President Ye in the third bureau…”

Director Zhong: “When did Little Ye take in a disciple?”

….

Ancient Capital University.

After discussing with Dean Hao, Shi Yu (Buggy) teleported back to the dormitory and waited for the Shen Feng exchange team. He lay leisurely and swiped his cell phone, planning to rest for a day before working hard.

The matter of Shen Feng’s two mechanical Gemini coming to Dong Huang to challenge the Sequence contestants had indeed caused an uproar. It was everywhere on the Internet.

Shi Yu only swiped casually and saw the relevant news. He couldn’t help but yawn in boredom.

“They actually stole the show while Heavenly King Zou wasn’t around.”

“Old Zou is probably so angry that he exploded.”

Shi Yu chuckled. What made Heavenly King Zou uncomfortable was that he might not be able to defeat the other party.

The number one or second person below legendof the new generation of Shen Feng…

Shen Feng’s strength was not something Ming Hua and the Seven Islands could compare to.

The champion of the last World Tournament was won by the legendary Mechanic of Shen Feng. Now that more than 20 years had passed, it was unknown if that Mechanic had broken through from legend to the legendary level after being blessed by the World Tree.

If he broke through to the legendary level, Shen Feng would have three demigod/legendary experts.

Therefore, the number one or second person of the new generation of legends in Shen Feng was completely winnable for geniuses like Ji Feng and Lu Qingyi. Heavenly King Zou probably couldn’t defeat them.

“Why are there so many people tagging me?” Shi Yu realized that on the Internet, there were many voices calling him, Lu Qingyi, and Zou Yun to fight.

The two young Beast Tamers of the Shen Feng exchange team were too high-profile, causing the young people of Dong Huang to feel very unhappy with them.

But they couldn’t defeat them themselves, so they could only tag Big Bosses to come out and fight.

“This…”

Shi Yu scratched his ear and thought for a moment. It wasn’t impossible.

After all, he was the one who provoked the Shen Feng exchange team to Dong Huang. It was not a problem for him to clean up the mess.

However, he had just invited the Shen Feng exchange team to study the alloy monster together. Wasn’t it too unfriendly to beat up their contestant?

Should he fight after studying it?

“Forget it, why don’t I let ‘Lu Bai’ finish them?”

Shi Yu thought for a moment and took out a Time Fruit to eat.

As the special Time Fruit entered his mouth, Shi Yu’s body immediately shrank and his hair turned white.

Then, he summoned Chi Tong’s possession and clone.

In an instant, apart from Shi Yu, who was sitting on the sofa, a “Lu Bai” clone immediately appeared on the ground because of the clone skill.

After splitting out his clone, Shi Yu’s main body removed the possession and time power and returned to the form of the black-haired Shi Yu. On the other side, Shi Yu’s Lu Bai clone was still standing on the ground, waiting for Shi Yu and Chi Tong to control it.

“Lu Bai, can you deal with the number one person below the legend level of the new generation of Shen Feng?” Shi Yu asked.

Lu Bai rubbed his eyes and said weakly, “Don’t talk to yourself, alright? You look really dumb.”

“Mi!! (This is what I wanted to say)” Beside him, Chi Tong was speechless.

Shi Yu smiled. At the moment, after eating the Undying Fruit, his soul power had increased greatly. With Chi Tong possessing him, he could obtain stable overlord-level battle power. At this moment, even if it was a clone, in Shi Yu’s opinion, it wouldn’t be much inferior to Senior Lu and Ji Feng’s trump cards.

And this was only under the situation of the clones of Shi Yu and Chi Tong.

If it was Shi Yu and Chi Tong’s main body, their strength could still be stronger.

If he distributed another pet, it would be even stronger.

“Chi Tong, transform into a blue bird spirit and challenge the number one person below the new generation of legends with your clone later.”

“Of course, this isn’t very stable. Bring Susu and Ling along. Ling stays home all day to study the Tyrant Dragon. How boring. Let it fight too.”

[Ling: Master, thank you.]

“Mi!! Chu!”

Chi Tong changed from the form of a sword spirit to a blue bird spirit. It landed on the clone’s shoulder happily, indicating that it understood.