Chapter 648 - Tyrant Dragon And Duckbill Beast

After replicating the super alloy skill, Shi Yu slipped away.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Principal Feng slipped away with him.

Only Dean Hao and the Shen Feng exchange team were left.

“That’s it?”

Seeing that Shi Yu had only watched the evolution of the two alloy monsters once before slipping away, Principal Feng was puzzled.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “They definitely won’t simply tell us the core technology of superalloy.”

“I’ve already told Dean Hao what I intend to learn from them. Let him communicate with the other party in depth.”

“If I can freeload from Shen Feng, I’ll get it for free. I can’t freeload… Well, aren’t there still the seven islands? When it comes to compensation, I can also take the superalloy technology.”

“You..!” Principal Feng muttered.

Be it Shen Feng or the seven islands, they were unlucky to have encountered him.

“By the way, what’s going on at the Ancient Capital Arena?” Principal Feng had a strange expression.

“‘Lu Bai’, isn’t that your fake identity when you went to the seven islands?”

Because Principal Feng was a relevant person, he was one of the few people who knew that Shi Yu had gone to the seven islands to crack the Phoenix Mystic Realm with Lu Bai’s identity.

Just now, when he heard that Lu Bai insta-killed the new generation genius of the Shen Feng exchange team in the Ancient Capital Arena, he was also stunned for a moment.

It wasn’t that he was stunned that the other party’s genius was insta-killed, but that Lu Bai was supposed to be Shi Yu.

However, at that time, Shi Yu was indeed beside them, so he was as stunned as Zheng Hai.

“It’s a clone, but the pet it brought along isn’t a clone, so it’s easier to win,” Shi Yu said. “Isn’t this because the main body still has to receive Dr Aqi and the others?”

Principal Feng opened his mouth slightly.

He repeated his thoughts.

Be it Shen Feng or the seven islands, they were unlucky to have encountered him!

If the other party’s genius knew that it was only a clone that tortured them, wouldn’t their mentality collapse?

“By the way, Principal Feng, do you know where Senior Lu and the Void Mantis are now?”

After Shi Yu smiled, he quickly forgot about the Shen Feng exchange team. Their value was temporarily gone.

Principal Feng shook his head and sighed.

“I heard that the Void Mantis wants to take a look at the old sites of the Space Emperors in Dong Huang. Why, what’s the matter?”

“Are you looking for Qingyi or the Void Mantis?”

“It’s nothing. I just plan to go out and play with them in a few days…”

“You still want to go out?!” Principal Feng was furious. F*ck, you’re now covered in legendary resources, you’re holding even more stuff than the national treasury of a totem country.

If anyone killed them on the way, the treasures dropped would probably be enough to create a totem!

The Phoenix Mystic Realm having treasures in there was due to luck being on his side. This guy was addicted.

“It’s alright, I’ll definitely call Teacher Cat. Moreover, I’ve already eaten the Undying Fruit and have the protection of the Dragon God. How can there be so much danger?” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Even President Lin doesn’t mind me wandering around. I think you’re thinking too small in this case, principal.”

Principal Feng : “…”

President Lin was indeed not like an elder like Principal Feng. President Lin didn’t care much about Shi Yu’s thoughts of going to various places to train and even the intention to participate in the World Tournament.

“I wonder what he’s thinking.” Principal Feng hated it.

“I’ll stay obediently during this period of time, but Principal Feng… There really aren’t many places for pets to train if I stay obediently. My current ruins space can’t withstand Eleven and the others anymore.”

Shi Yu looked up and showed Principal Feng the ruin ring in his hand.

“Speaking of which, it’s time to update this thing. Our bureau should have a higher-level ruins space, right? I want to change it.”

Principal Feng was silent for a moment before looking at the ruin ring in Shi Yu’s hand.

That was true.

Shi Yu’s improvement speed was too fast. In a short period of time, he already had overlord-level battle power.

This ordinary ruins space was indeed about to be unable to support his pet’s special training.

“I understand. I’ll help you get it. I can’t find a legendary one like Qingyi’s, but there should still be a stock of high-level ruins with higher strength,” he said. “It should be able to ensure that overlords can fight and train inside.”

Good!

Shi Yu was happy. Before he found the legendary ruins space, he could only continue to rely on Bureau 11 to replenish his equipment.

…

At the same time, Lu Bai became popular, and so did Zou Yun.

As Lu Bai easily crushed the genius of Shen Feng, Zou Yun’s comment that was forwarded to the live broadcast made Zou Yun become the second trending topic.

Zou Yun: “Who exactly is the overconfident one? Although the battle hasn’t started, I’ve already expected the outcome. If nothing goes wrong, this Shen Feng Mechanic will be insta-killed by Lu Bai. PS: I’m good friends with Lu Bai. He’s much stronger than me.”

Everyone was extremely unfamiliar with Lu Bai, and Heavenly King Zou directly became the only big boss who knew Lu Bai.

As Zou Yun’s “divine comment” that had been published before the two of them started fighting was dug out, Heavenly King Zou’s popularity as Lu Bai defeated the Shen Feng genius also appeared on the trending list.

In the Dark Club in Demon Capital, Heavenly King Zou looked at the rising popularity and fell into deep thought.

He seemed to have found the secret to success.

Why not stop working hard?

Wouldn’t it be easier for him to follow behind people like Shi Yu and Lu Bai?!

Of course, in the face of various questions from his fans, Zou Yun didn’t reveal any other information about Lu Bai. He knew when to stop.