Chapter 643 - Blue-Haired Gun God Lu Bai Vs Red-Haired Sword God Shi Yu (3)

Some people felt that Elise’s analysis made sense, while others ignored her analysis. As the judge gave the starting order, Lendi and Lu Bai on both sides of the arena entered battle mode at the same time!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Come out, my invincible partner!!” After the battle began, Lendi shouted excitedly.

A strong energy wave immediately spread on the arena!

At the same time, a dazzling light bloomed in front of him!

“Roar!!!…”

On Lendi’s side, he summoned a huge pet more than ten meters tall. It was a dragon!!!

The moment it appeared, the venue immediately changed. The sky suddenly darkened, and golden lightning shot out from the black clouds!!

This huge dragon’s brown strong body was wrapped in golden mechanical armor. Its long dragon horn was like a sharp sword, and sharp steel teeth spread on its frilly head.

A long dragon tail circled around its body. Its two strong feet slowly left the ground and flew up with a pair of huge wings that looked like black light wings.

During this process, as several purple summoning arrays appeared, the vibrating electric saw was armed on the mechanical dragon’s arms. Under the magnetic connection, the two huge electromagnetic cannons perfectly fused with the mecha on its shoulder.

Mechanical dragon, go!

“Gulp.”

As this mechanical dragon floated up, strong winds and pressure spread in all directions. The surrounding audience swallowed their saliva and revealed shocked expressions. The Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast were also slightly silent.

Not many people doubted Shen Feng’s mechanical modification technology.

The reason why Shen Feng was also called the Divine Eagle Nation was because they had mastered the most perfect biological modification technology. They had once modified a huge eagle with the strength of a top-notch totem into the strength of a demigod.

This purebred dragon race was a natural overlord race and was incomparably powerful. If they couldn’t strengthen its original strength, Mechanics definitely wouldn’t make an unnecessary move to modify it. This mechanical dragon… was definitely stronger than the foundation of a dragon!

“Roar!!!”

In the sky, not only was the mechanical dragon modified into a mechanical life form, but there were also several mechanical lives armed with it.

In a short moment, the energy fluctuations on the mechanical dragon’s body exceeded 30 million, approaching the lowest standard of an overlord race. Under this terrifying pressure, the ground and air began to tremble.

The mechanical dragon’s red eyes stared at their common opponent with its Mechanic.

“Lendi’s mechanical dragon has a second energy source loaded in its body. Its actual energy is twice the energy that can be detected. At the same time, its brain has also been modified. Its reaction speed is faster than spiritual pets, comparable to a computer.”

“Apart from that, every equipment it’s armed with has an independent energy source and a support skill to strengthen its main body. It can form extremely strong combination profundities. Most of the previous Sequence contestants lost to him,” Elise said with a smile.

“Let me see. The current surface energy value of the mechanical dragon… is about 34 million.”

Her words made the Beast Tamers who were watching the live broadcast fall silent. There were few people who were all Sequence 10 to 20 contestants. They had fought this Lendi before and knew this guy’s strength the best.

“Machinery modifying a dragon is ridiculous…” At this moment, even through the live broadcast screen, most people could feel the pressure of the mechanical dragon. The Beast Tamers present, including An Chang and the others, looked at the mechanical dragon wrapped in lightning and were shocked by its strength.

At this moment, Master Qian, who was the judge, instantly understood why the previous contestants of Dong Huang had lost to this guy.

In the arena, strong winds rose.

It was enveloped in the shadow of the floating mechanical dragon.

Lendi crossed his arms and looked at the white-haired youth opposite him playfully.

At this moment, “Lu Bai”‘s expression was very calm.

As the mechanical dragon appeared, he also entered battle mode.

“Machinery armor, sniper form…”

In the strong wind, the white-haired and white-skinned “Lu Bai”, with his slender figure and muscular hands and feet, looked like they would be blown down by the strong wind at any time.

He was wearing very ordinary gray sweatpants and a white mesh coat. As he entered battle mode, the white mechanical watch on “Lu Bai’s” wrist immediately changed into a white sniper rifle nearly a meter long with a light.

If an ordinary person used such a huge sniper rifle, they would definitely have to find a place to support themselves. However, the strength of a Beast Tamer was different from that of an ordinary person. Just like that, “Lu Bai” held the huge sniper rifle in one hand, stretched out his arm, and aimed at Lendi opposite him. His aura was not at all inferior.

This scene also fell accurately into the vision of Lendi and Elise.

They subconsciously sneered.

Therefore, this “Lu Bai” was very amateurish.

They could tell at a glance that the type of this sniper rifle was centered around the Hundred Transformations Stone.

The change speed was not slow, but there were usually only two types of Mechanics who played with this mechanical material. One was an expert, and the other was a newbie.

Experts usually formed various complicated fighter jets, mechas, and extreme mechanical operations with huge numbers of Hundred Transformations Stones.

And this guy had turned the Hundred Transformations Stone into an ordinary sniper rifle. Wasn’t this a joke? He was clearly a newbie.