Chapter 649 - Tyrant Dragon And Duckbill Beast (2)

At this moment, what most Beast Tamers wanted to know was when Lu Bai and Shi Yu would fight. Would Lu Bai register for the Sequence battle and enter the ranking?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Sequence Competition Committee was also facing the same problem. They wanted to drag this Lu Bai in.

Unfortunately, Director Zhong had already contacted President Ye and was gradually approaching the truth.

“Lu Bai… Ah.” When President Ye heard Director Zhong’s question, he felt awkward. Lu Bai, wasn’t that Shi Yu’s alternate identity? When he created this fake identity, it was casually made up by Principal Feng, President Ye, and the others…

Only the higher-ups related to the trip to the seven islands and the Phoenix Mystic Realm knew about this alternate identity. Director Zhong had been presiding over the Sequence battle in the country and was unrelated to this matter. It was normal not to know.

However, President Ye didn’t know if it was appropriate to reveal it now. He could only kick the ball to President Lin.

Therefore, Director Zhong contacted President Lin.

“Lu Bai?” After President Lin heard Director Zhong explain the matter, he was silent for a moment. “Lu Bai challenged Shi Yu? Are you joking?”

Director Zhong: “Ah, Elder Lin, what’s the joke? What’s wrong? I heard that this Lu Bai’s performance on the seven islands is very dazzling. His age is also suitable for participating in the Sequence battle… But President Ye said that it was your arrangement to not let him register?”

President Lin said, “Lu Bai is a disguise of Shi Yu. If you don’t find it troublesome, you can play along with him.”

Director Zhong: “?”

Director Zhong opened his mouth slightly. There were many question marks now.

Wait, wait, wait!

Didn’t Zheng Hai call Shi Yu when Lu Bai was fighting Lendi??

It was the same person?

Director Zhong’s old brain suddenly felt a little uncomfortable. Something was wrong, something was wrong. President Lin, Zheng Hai, Shi Yu, and Lu Bai, one of these “four” had to be a big liar!

….

After Lu Bai finished fighting Lundy, he calmly left the Ancient Capital Arena. No one knew when he would challenge Shi Yu.

At the same time, people also realized that Lu Bai didn’t participate in the Sequence battle either. Even if he challenged Shi Yu, no one would definitely publicize the outcome, let alone the battle process. They definitely couldn’t see it.

This couldn’t help but make the Beast Tamers who wanted to watch the show feel an itch. They felt that they had been interrupted and didn’t get to see any follow-up.

At this moment, Shi Yu himself also received messages from various contacts and friends to ask about the situation.

Shi Yu’s unified reply was that Lu Bai had yet to find him.

Although Lu Bai might not exist in the future, the legend of Lu Bai would definitely be forever spread in the martial world with this wave.

As for the real Shi Yu vs Lu Bai, Shi Yu thought about it and felt that it wasn’t impossible. He would talk about it during the second team meeting.

At that time, apart from individual battles, they could also have an entire team battle.

Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng versus Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling.

The three brothers and three sisters.

Before that, Shi Yu decided to find a place to work overtime for two months.

He wanted to increase the super skills of every pet to expert level.

…

That day, Principal Feng’s high-level ruins space was sent over.

He handed Shi Yu a black ruin ring.

“Speaking of which, Qingyi was the one who cracked this high-level ruins space. The master was a titled female plant controller in the totem era, so this ruins space has been modified. It’s very suitable for the growth of plants.”

“How many ruins did Senior Lu crack?” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. If he remembered correctly, Senior Lu’s legendary ruins space was also cracked by her.

Principal Feng chuckled and said, “There definitely aren’t as many as you, but the ruins that Qingyi cracked are all relatively well preserved. They can all be used, while yours seem to have either shattered or imploded.”

“I don’t think you’ve handed in many ruins spaces until now, right?”

Shi Yu : “…”

Could he be blamed?

The mechanism of cracking the ruins was different!

Shi Yu coughed dryly and took a new ruin ring. “I’ll… hand it back after moving the things inside.”

Principal Feng said, “There’s no hurry. I’ll leave it with you first. Aren’t you giving Fang Lan an assessment? After she becomes an official member of Bureau 11, you can just give that old one to her.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and smiled. “Sorry to trouble you, Principal. With this, I can train hard for a period of time.”

Principal Feng snorted and said, “I hope so…”

….

“Perfect!”

After obtaining the new ruins space, Shi Yu chose to return to the “paradise” of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain outside Ping Cheng to cultivate.

But first, he had to move.

On the icy plain, Shi Yu opened the teleportation channel that connected the ruins to reality. After opening the teleportation channel that connected the ruins to reality, Eleven and the others began to move.

“Wuu!!”

Eleven cracked the ground and directly jogged to the new space with both hands in the training room and bedroom.

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong transplanted the Sun Flame Flower with difficulty.

The easier one was Susu. It had its own independent space and didn’t have much junk.

Ling was still alright. Although it had a huge research institute, it had a mechanical space, so it was relatively easy to move. Moreover, its huge computing power allowed it to easily not miss anything.

The most bitter one was none other than Baby Ginseng. Most of the spiritual plants in the original ruins space had to be transplanted over. Apart from that, there was also a pile of seeds and medicine in its research institute. In order to make it more convenient and less noisy, it could only ask the tool worm to help move.