Chapter 647 - Blue-Haired Gun God Lu Bai Vs Red-Haired Sword God Shi Yu (7)

In the next moment, Zheng Hai’s face appeared in the video.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As Shi Yu picked up the phone, Zheng Hai’s face revealed a stunned and confused expression, as if it was very unbelievable for Shi Yu to answer the phone at this moment.

He looked at the scene of Elise broadcasting through the split screen and then at Shi Yu, who was talking to him through the video call. He was immediately stunned.

“Brother Zheng Hai, what’s the matter?” Shi Yu asked.

“This, this, this, Brother Shi Yu, where are you now?” Zheng Hai asked in the video call.

“I’m at Ancient Capital University. I’m with Principal Feng and the others now.”

Zheng Hai was confused. Through the background of the video, it was true that Shi Yu seemed to be in a laboratory.

Could it be that he was wrong?

Lu Bai… wasn’t Shi Yu?

“Hahaha… It’s alright, it’s alright. Did you see the live broadcast battle that a Divine Wind Mechanic made just now? Do you know Lu Bai??”

Shi Yu revealed a puzzled expression and said, “Lu Bai? I’ve heard of him. Isn’t that the disciple of President Ye in the third bureau?”

Zheng Hai’s expression was extremely complicated. Really?

It looked like he was overthinking?

He said, “Yes, this Brother Lu Bai is also ridiculously strong. Did you know that just now, in the Ancient Capital Arena, he fought with the number one person below legend of the new generation in the Shen Feng exchange team, ‘Lendi’? He only used two moves to defeat the other party. It’s simply abnormal.”

“Moreover, Brother Shi Yu… Brother Lu Bai seemed to have publicly challenged you just now…”

Shi Yu was surprised. “Challenge me??”

He smiled and said, “It doesn’t matter. No matter whose challenge it is, I’ll accept it.”

Zheng Hai was silent. Could he watch the battle??

This was a f*cking peak battle!

“Sorry, I still have something to do here. I’ll hang up first. Talk to you later.”

“Alright,” Shi Yu said. In the video, Zheng Hai also nodded. The two of them immediately hung up with different feelings.

After hanging up, Shi Yu looked at Dr Aqi and the others.

“Dr Aqi, is that Lendo or something guy from your side? Just now, my friend said that he seemed to be fighting our Beast Tamer from Dong Huang in the Ancient Capital Arena. He was insta-killed with two shots and his injuries are very serious. Do you want to take a look…”

Mechanics had it rough when it came to repairs, right?

As Shi Yu finished speaking…

Dr Aqi and the others were stunned.

Then, he was stunned again.

What, what did he say? What happened?

….

At this moment, the Internet was boiling because another ridiculously strong new generation Beast Tamer had appeared in Dong Huang!

Lu Bai!

Two shots instantly killed the number one person below legend of the new generation of Shen Feng!!

Monster-like strength!!

Previously, Shen Feng’s mechanical Gemini Stars fought everywhere in Dong Huang and announced its victory, making the group of Beast Tamers of Dong Huang unhappy for a long time.

But at this moment, with Lu Bai’s two shots, all the pressure disappeared.

Although they didn’t know why Lu Bai didn’t participate in the Sequence Battle and didn’t know his identity, the news that Lu Bai was going to challenge the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, Dr. Shi Yu, made everyone extremely excited!!

Holy shit, a strong battle!!

They wondered if Dr. Shi Yu would fight.

One was a blue-haired gun god holding a white sniper rifle.

One was a red-haired Sword God holding a fire sword spirit.

At this moment, the Beast Tamers who wanted to watch the show were more or less all excited.

In the small group chat pulled up by Director Zhong, Zheng Hai stood at the front line and immediately shared this big news to Zou Yun, Director Zhong, and the others.

“Everyone, I just called Shi Yu. He’s also in the ancient capital now. He said that he will accept this Lu Bai’s challenge!!” Zheng Hai said excitedly.