Chapter 644 - Blue-Haired Spear God Lu Bai Vs Red-Haired Sword God Shi Yu (4)

They might have overestimated this “Lu Bai”.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for the audience, although they couldn’t determine the type and level of the mechanical weapon in “Lu Bai’s” hand, just from the appearance, one was a mechanical modified dragon, and the other was a mechanical gun that could be bought anywhere on the market. The level of technology was also immediately determined, making many people reveal serious expressions.

They were very worried about Lu Bai.

“What are you smiling about?”

Lendi still had his arms around him. He was on the battlefield and was not worried at all. From the looks of it, he had a backup plan to ensure his safety. In Shi Yu’s eyes, his smile was the one who overestimated himself.

As Shi Yu spoke, Shi Yu raised his arm and aimed the muzzle at the mechanical dragon.

Because he was worried that if he aimed at the Beast Tamer himself, with the other party’s defense ability and the judge’s ability, it was not enough to ensure the Beast Tamer’s survival.

“I’m smiling…”

Lendi was just about to say something when his expression stopped. This was because in an instant, the energy fluctuations on “Lu Bai”, whose energy level didn’t exceed ten million, suddenly increased. The speed of the increase made Lendi feel fear!

His expression changed drastically.

[Ling, how’s this mechanical dragon?]

Shi Yu’s clone asked the mechanical Ling in its hand.

[Biological modification isn’t my forte, but give me some time. It’s not difficult to reach this level of strength.]

[I see. As expected of you. Remember not to use wings.]

[Master, hurry up, hurry up. Don’t waste time. After dealing with it, I still have business to do.]

Under Ling’s urging, the clone Lu Bai slowly contributed its strength. At the same time, the blue bird spirit sleeping on its shoulder slowly fused into the clone’s body!

Boom!!!

In the next moment, Ling and Chi Tong no longer hid their energy through the Time Sealing Fruit. Ling’s nearly 4 million normal energy points and Chi Tong’s nearly 7 million normal energy erupted!!

At the same time, Ling used the loading skill and activated the second energy source it had created in the mechanical space, arming itself and Shi Yu’s clone.

As for Chi Tong, it first used the Myriad Sword Convergence to increase its energy level to more than 20 million. Then, it possessed Shi Yu’s clone!

At this moment, under the double armor, “Lu Bai”‘s aura increased by a terrifying amount just like what Lendi sensed!

In addition, Shi Yu’s clone was already ridiculously strong because of his terrifying physical fitness. At this moment, with a flash of blue flames, the strongest form that shocked everyone present and in the live broadcast appeared!!

In an instant, blue flames flickered around “Lu Bai”.

His surroundings changed almost instantly, affected by this powerful force.

Under the shine of the blue flames, “Lu Bai’s” gaze seemed to contain blue ghost flames. The color of his eyes gradually changed in the direction of deep blue.

With a hum, a wave of hellish cold air that seemed to be able to freeze everything in the world turned into flames that wrapped around “Lu Bai”‘s body.

Moreover, at this moment, “Lu Bai”‘s short hair had also completely turned blue. As it fluttered with the wind, it made his aura look like a death god that had walked out of an extremely cold hell to harvest all creatures.

“Then let’s end it as soon as possible!”

“Lu Bai” was still holding the sniper rifle. Under the light of the blue ghost fire, the white sniper rifle also had a blue color.

“Impossible!!!”

Perhaps the Beast Tamers before the live broadcast didn’t feel it, but Elise, who was at the scene, felt the shocking change in “Lu Bai” almost instantly. In her opinion, this change was incomprehensible.

First, the sniper rifle and the blue bird spirit suddenly erupted with extraordinary power, and then they were armed with this Beast Tamer at the same time?

This was both mechanical and undead equipment?!

How was this possible!!!

Judging from the energy value erupted by the two pets, it was definitely impossible for a normal human’s physique to withstand it!!

The mechanical dragon could withstand multiple layers of armor because its main body was a dragon!!!

At this moment, Elise doubted her eyes.

At the same time, the people watching the battle were also shocked.

[Holy shit, what’s this…]

[Look, the sniper rifle and his arm are wrapped together. The blue bird spirit has also fused with its body!! Mechanical and undead dual possession?]

[No way, how can a human body withstand it? Won’t there be a conflict?]

[But he endured it.]

[If the pet is weak enough, it’s possible… But clearly, this person’s pet is definitely not weak. Now I know why he looks so weak with white hair!]

[He’s playing with his life in battle!!]

“You’re a lunatic!”

“I was wondering why you looked so weak!”

Along with the audience, Lendi suspected his eyes.

It wasn’t impossible for mechanical and undead to possess each other, but the consumption of the Beast Tamer himself was definitely very terrifying.

Although human Beast Tamers were the best carriers for mechanical lives and undead, and had the greatest increase in strength after being armed, the physique of humans also limited the upper limit of this combination.

And from the looks of it, Lu Bai had no intention of cherishing his body.

“I knew it. This person is an expert!!” In the audience, An Chang immediately said as Lu Bai erupted with strength, “The outcome of the battle is still uncertain.”

At this moment, without allowing Lendi to think too much, after being shocked by Shi Yu’s change, his body quickly flickered with light. A silver-red armor wrapped around him tightly, not daring to be arrogant anymore.