Chapter 641 - Blue-Haired Gun God Lu Bai Vs Red-Haired Sword God Shi Yu (1)

Location, Ancient Capital Arena.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This was the largest battle arena in Ancient Capital City.

The highest defense facilities could withstand overlord-level battles.

As the Sequence battle project began, if Ancient Capital City carried out a high-level Sequence battle, it would basically be carried out here.

“Master Qian, bad news.”

It was Qian Tongming, the in-charge of the Ancient Capital Arena, a top-notch master.

At this moment, he received his subordinate’s message and revealed a shocked expression.

“Those two Shen Feng Nation Mechanics who go around challenging Sequence contestants have come to our arena!”

“There’s also a white-haired Beast Tamer with them. From the license level, he’s also a top-notch master. They should be fighting!”

“This… These two scourges, why are they in Ancient Capital?” Master Qian cursed. He directly put on his coat and rushed to the arena under the stunned expressions of his subordinates.

At the same time, he was puzzled. Who was the white-haired top-notch master?

Outside the Ancient Capital Arena.

Shi Yu’s clone, Lu Bai, and the two Mechanics, Shen Feng, were waiting in the hall for the staff to arrange the battlefield.

The Beast Taming license Shi Yu handed over was actually fake. It was for the convenience of going to the seven islands.

Of course, because it was forged by the officials of Dong Huang, it was actually not fake.

Even in the headquarters’ database, one could find someone like Lu Bai.

And using this identity card to use the battle facilities of the Ancient Capital Arena was naturally not a problem.

As for the Beast Taming License of Shen Feng’s mechanic Lendi, it had also been activated when he came to Dong Huang. He could also use some of Dong Huang’s battle facilities.

Therefore, their battle application was very smooth.

At this moment, after confirming their identities, Shi Yu and the others chose the “bet battle”, which was the battle mode Shi Yu had used with the top student Chen Kai for the first time. Whoever lost would pay the venue fee.

The two of them weren’t in a Sequence battle, so the officials naturally wouldn’t give them free use of the venue.

After choosing, Shi Yu sighed. Why not update the venue of the Ancient Capital Arena?

This was a free opportunity. He just had to extort it later.

“Master Lendi, Master Lu Bai, the security guard said that there are many passers-by outside who want to watch the battle…”

The female staff carefully asked for Lu Bai and Lendi’s opinion.

Under normal circumstances, both parties had the right to refuse and fight in private.

Of course, if the two parties didn’t mind, the arena could also open the audience seats and let the audience in.

“Ask him.” Lendi casually shook his golden hair and said,

“I don’t mind, but your Beast Tamers in Dong Huang seem to like to fight secretly. Are you afraid that your trump cards will be seen through?”

“But no matter what, I’ll say this in advance. If you lose, I’ll still record your defeat.”

Lu Bai smiled. “The audience? It doesn’t matter. Let them in.”

“Hey, you just said that you fought with the Thousand River Hundred God of the seven islands and the Demon Blade. What happened? Who won?”

At this moment, after arriving at the Ancient Capital Arena, the blonde Mechanic, Elise, who was browsing her cell phone behind Lendi, looked up and asked.

“You’ll know after the battle.”

Shi Yu’s clone, Lu Bai, chuckled.

These words made Lendi and Elise show unfriendly expressions. Damn it, he really deserved a beating. Could it be that he had heard the names from somewhere and was here to trick them?

“Very confident. Then you shouldn’t mind if I do a live broadcast.” Elise pursed her lips.

….

“We’re in!!!”

“Yay!”

Shi Yu and Lendi didn’t care if there were spectators. After checking the identities of the spectators in the arena, those with qualified identities were let in one after another.

Students from Ancient Capital University like An Chang naturally entered the audience seats easily.

He found a place to sit down in anticipation and took a deep breath to observe the situation below.

In the front row of the audience, there was also a blonde woman sitting. There was no one sitting around her. Idly, Elise summoned her mechanical pet and let it connect to the cell phone.

A moment later, a live-stream called “Another Overconfident Challenger” appeared on her social media platform.

In the past few days since Lundy and Elise came to Dong Huang, if their opponents allowed it, they would often do this to broadcast battles to increase their attention.

This effect was indeed very good. In just a few days, because of their powerful strength and their identities as foreign Mechanics, they obtained more than a million followers.

At that moment, Elise started broadcasting again. The Beast Tamers from Dong Huang, who was paying attention to her, immediately received the news.

[Damn, these people came to the ancient capital???]

In Ancient Capital University, the “Dragon King” and “Dragon Knight” Yu Shu were also one of the people who paid attention. The moment he saw the cover of the live-stream, he could tell that this was the arena of Ancient Capital.

Because of the ostentation and strength of these two Divine Wind Shen Feng Mechanics, Yu Shu really wanted to teach them a lesson himself, but he had yet to develop completely.

[If they’ve come to the ancient capital, open the door and let Shi Yu loose on them!!] Yu Shu was anxious.

However, from the looks of it… the challenger didn’t seem to be Shi Yu?

It was a Beast Tamer he didn’t know?

Yu Shu revealed a regretful expression. At the same time, he was worried about this Beast Tamer.

After all, this Lendi was really strong…

Demon Capital, Dark Club.

Because he had responded to the challenge of the mechanical Gemini, Zou Yun also used his alternate account to pay attention to their movements.

He also received their broadcast reminder immediately and clicked on it.

This was impressive. After entering the live broadcast channel, he immediately opened his mouth wide and revealed a shocked expression.