Chapter 646 - Blue-Haired Gun God Lu Bai Vs Red-Haired Sword God Shi Yu (6)

The battle ended. The sniper rifle in “Lu Bai’s” hand turned into a white watch again and wrapped around his wrist. At the same time, the blue flames on his body slowly disappeared.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

His hair returned to white, revealing an expression of pity.

He thought that the number one person under the new generation of legends in Shen Feng would be stronger, but in the end, even Susu was not used.

Even the two scapegoats who suffered the side effects of the double armed weapon… Only one was dead.

As expected, it was right not to let the main body come.

“Is it over just like that?” Lu Bai turned to look at Elise, who was broadcasting for Lendi, and asked her, “Aren’t you guys some mechanical Gemini? Who’s stronger between you and him? Do you want to give it a try?”

At this moment, Elise’s expression was filled with shock and paleness, even paler than Lu Bai’s face. She looked at the arena in disbelief, unable to believe her eyes.

She looked at the sky that had a huge hole blasted out by the cannon and the arena that had been shattered by the cannon. Her gaze exploded to the extreme. She looked at the broken body of the mechanical dragon and the dying Lundy in the pit. Her throat was stuck and she couldn’t say a word.

Master Qian, who was the judge, also opened his mouth wide. He looked at everything in front of him and looked at the number one person below the legend level of the new generation of Shen Feng, who had been defeated with two cannons. He forgot to announce the outcome!

The other Beast Tamers present, such as An Chang and his classmates, also looked at the messy scene in disbelief. They couldn’t understand this scene. This… was it over?? What happened just now!!

Apart from that, there were also tens of thousands of people watching the battle in Elise’s live-stream. They watched all of this in disbelief and suspected that the scene just now was fake.

Those Sequence 10 to 20 Beast Tamers from Dong Huang who had been defeated by Lun Di were completely stunned. They looked at Lendi, who was insta-killed with two shots, and doubted that he was the powerful Shen Feng Mechanic they had fought.

“This…” Director Zhong also watched the live broadcast the whole time. Was this the super monster that Zou Yun and the others mentioned, the one that swept through the older and younger generation of the seven islands?

The wrinkles on his face trembled. He was indeed a monster. He also knew Lendi’s strength. It was definitely ridiculously strong. In his understanding, Zou Yun would find it hard to deal with him. They could only let Ji Feng try, but this situation… What was it??

“As expected…”

Seeing this, Ji Feng, Zou Yun, Tong Yan, Ning Tianming, and the others were not surprised. They only sighed again at Lu Bai’s terrifying strength and were silent.

Obviously, they had long expected this outcome.

At this moment, all the Beast Tamers who watched this battle live broadcast were infinitely shocked.

Wait, wait, who exactly was this Beast Tamer?

When did such a person appear among the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang?

Controlling undead and machinery at the same time… Those two shots just now were simply cool.

“That… that machine…” At this moment, Zheng Hai, the only one who had suspected Lu Bai’s identity, looked at the mechanical gun heavily.

That should be a mechanical weapon created by the Hundred Transformations Stone.

Moreover, it was wind!!!

Shi Yu had naturally never used this before, but was there a wind-element Hundred Transformations Stone in the champion reward of the National League Shi Yu participated in?

At this moment, Zheng Hai suspected that this Lu Bai was Shi Yu.

However, in the next moment, Lu Bai’s words made him silent again.

“Boring.” In the arena, Lu Bai looked at the silent and unresponsive Elise, who was clearly stunned, and shook his head.

“I originally thought that I could warm up before challenging ‘Shi Yu’, but from the looks of it, I can’t warm up at all.”

“Boring. Let’s go.”

Through the live broadcast, everyone heard Lu Bai’s words, the man who had just insta-killed the number one person below the legend level of the new generation of Shen Feng.

In the audience, An Chang’s mouth opened slightly. Wait, what did this person just say?

This person was here to challenge Senior Shi Yu???

Who exactly was this guy?

As Lu Bai issued a challenge to Shi Yu, everyone’s hearts skipped a beat. At the same time, Zheng Hai suddenly thought of something and quickly called Shi Yu.

Ancient Capital University.

In the Mechanical Research Institute.

At this moment, Shi Yu was touching the huge alloy monster in front of him in surprise. It could really evolve by devouring metal.

Not bad, not bad, excellent.

“Hahaha, the skill superalloy can synthesize the power of different metals and complete super evolution. The success rate of evolution depends on the skill proficiency, metal compatibility, and the endurance of the alloy monster itself.”

“Unfortunately, due to technical difficulties, the upper limit of the super alloy level of the alloy monster we created has yet to exceed expert level. Otherwise, it’s not impossible for the alloy monster to evolve into an overlord race mechanical life form!”

“At that time, it will be a stable evolution channel for overlord races.” Dr Aqi flaunted the potential of the alloy monster.

In order to curry favor with this Dr. Shi Yu, they had invested a lot to let the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University study alloy monsters. However, if Ancient Capital University didn’t show some sincerity, they definitely wouldn’t exchange core technology.

“It’s indeed a pretty good skill.” Principal Feng and Dean Hao nodded. If the Iron-eating Beast could master this, it would be invincible!

At this moment, just as Shi Yu was about to say something, his cell phone suddenly rang. He took a look and realized that it was Zheng Hai.

The super alloy skill had already been replicated. After gesturing to Dr Aqi and the others, Shi Yu directly picked up the phone.