Chapter 640 - Sigh, It'S Great Having Two Alternate Accounts (5)

“Shen Feng’s Beast Tamers?” In the crowd, a figure frowned and looked at them.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“An Chang, stop looking. You can definitely surpass them in the future.” A delicate girl tugged at the young man’s clothes and said, “An Chang, An Chang, let’s go watch a movie.”

“I said, I’m not free. Stop following me.” The first-year student of Ancient Capital University, An Chang, looked at this girl helplessly. This was a genius Beast Tamer from the same vocation assessment as him. He had defeated her before, but now… was she pursuing him?

An Chang had already rejected her. In his opinion, if he wanted to catch up to Senior Shi Yu, he had to use all his time to cultivate. Being in a relationship would only delay his Beast Taming speed.

“Huh?” An Chang was just about to refuse again when he suddenly realized that a figure had stopped the Shen Feng exchange team in front of him. He looked over with a shocked expression.

It was a white-haired young man less than 1.7 meters tall who looked extremely weak. On his shoulder stood a blue Ghost Fire Bird Spirit. On his wrist was a technological white mechanical watch.

An Chang could sense that both the blue Ghost Fire Bird Spirit and the white mechanical watch were very powerful pets!

It was so powerful that it was definitely not something his strength could compare to.

The appearance of this white-haired youth also stunned the people from the Shen Feng exchange team who were heading to Ancient Capital University. Many passers-by around them cast surprised gazes.

After Shi Yu’s clone, Lu Bai, found the group of people from the Shen Feng exchange team, he looked at the golden-haired young man and girl and coughed weakly. “Sorry to disturb you. Are you Lendi and Elise, from Shen Feng?”

“Who are you?” The golden-haired young man looked at the weak white-haired young man in front of him in confusion.

“Lu Bai, Beast Tamer of Dong Huang. I heard that the two of you are pretty strong. I’ve come to take a look.” A smile appeared on Lu Bai’s weak face.

Upon hearing that, the surrounding passers-by were immediately shocked. These two Mechanics, Shen Feng, had been very famous in Dong Huang recently. They had defeated most of the Beast Tamers in Sequence 10 to 20. This person actually took the initiative to challenge them?

Lu Bai… Who was this?

Why had they never heard of it?

“An Chang, do you know this person?”

Beside An Chang, the delicate ponytail girl was also attracted by Shi Yu’s clone.

“No, I don’t, but…” An Chang said,” He looks very strong. ”

“How can you tell??”

“Weak,” An Chang said. “He looks very weak. This means that he has cultivated too much. That white hair is the best proof.”

“He became weak but also stronger.”

The ponytail girl was stunned. What nonsense was this?

Shouldn’t it be becoming bald that made one stronger?

At this moment.

The sudden challenge of this white-haired young man named Lu Bai undoubtedly made many passers-by watch the commotion, and also made the challenged Lendi smile.

“Sorry, I won’t accept the challenge of an unknown Beast Tamer.”

“Let’s go.” Elise wasn’t interested either. She still had to see the mechanical phantom beast next and couldn’t waste time.

“Your courage is much inferior to the number one person in the new generation of the seven islands, the Thousand River Hundred God, and the number one person below the legends of the seven islands, the Demon Blade Shen Dai.” Shi Yu’s clone revealed a playful smile.

At this moment, when they heard these two names, Lun Di and Elise’s expressions changed.

The relationship between Shen Feng and the seven islands was very close. This was because the Mechanic class of the seven islands had once been supported by Shen Feng alone. Therefore, Shen Feng knew the situation of the seven islands very well. The two of them naturally knew the status of the Thousand River Hundred God and Demon Blade mentioned by Shi Yu.

What they didn’t understand at this moment was why this Beast Tamer of Dong Huang also knew so much.

Moreover, from his tone, he had even fought with the two of them?

“What do you mean?” Lundy said.

“It means that they weren’t so afraid when fighting me.”

Shi Yu’s words made Lendi and Elise fall silent. Who was this person? Why could he fight the Thousand Rivers Hundred God and the Demon Blade of the seven islands? Why didn’t they have any information?

“Alright, then I’ll waste some time on you.” In order to figure out what was going on with this white-haired youth, Lendi narrowed his eyes and said.

Seeing this, Dr Aqi and the others were silent for a moment. They felt that it was very troublesome. Unlike Lendi, they were not interested in this Lu Bai at all.

Dr Aqi said, “Lendi, follow when you’re done. Elise, you go with Lendi.”

“…” Elise was stunned and said helplessly, “Alright then.”

With that said, Dr Aqi and the others continued walking towards Ancient Capital University. They didn’t think that the two of them would lose to a baffling Beast Tamer from Dong Huang.

As for Lendi and Elise, they stared at the mysterious white-haired young man who stopped them.

“A full team fight then,” Lu Bai said. “Follow me to the Ancient Capital Arena.”

“Alright.” Lendi cracked his fingers and smiled.

At this moment, the passers-by beside him were completely shocked. They didn’t expect that these two mechanical Gemini of Shen Feng would actually really accept the challenge of this white-haired youth who came out of nowhere.

“Damn, who exactly is this person?”

“I’m not sure. In any case, it can’t be a student from Ancient Capital University.”

“Of course.”

The passers-by discussed it again. Many people directly followed Lu Bai, Lendi, and the others to see if they could sneak into the Ancient Capital Arena and watch the battle.

An Chang hesitated for a moment and immediately followed.

“Eh, An Chang, wait, wait for me.”

….

Ancient Capital University.

Because of the visit of the Shen Feng exchange team, Principal Feng was also forced to open for business. After all, there were two legendary Mechanics in the other party’s team.

Of course, he wasn’t afraid that the other party would cause trouble. The guardian of Ancient Capital University was the strongest among the nine universities!

Principal Feng, Dean Hao, and Shi Yu had been waiting for Dr Aqi and the others for a long time.

Although they had a deep grudge just now, as they saw Shi Yu in person, the faces of these Divine Wind Mechanics immediately bloomed like brilliant chrysanthemums.

“It’s good to see you again, Dr. Shi Yu ~”