Chapter 642 - Blue-Haired Gun God Lu Bai Vs Red-Haired Sword God Shi Yu (2)

[Holy shit.]

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Heavenly King Zou’s heart trembled. This was because in the live broadcast, apart from Lendi, who had been very famous in Dong Huang recently, he knew the other two Beast Tamers standing on the battlefield.

White hair, a weak face, and a short stature. Wasn’t this Lu Bai!!!

[Holy shit, my trending topic is gone again!!!]

Heavenly King Zou thought of this possibility immediately.

If it were other challengers, apart from the top ten Sequence contestants, Heavenly King Zou judged that the Shen Feng Mechanic most likely had a higher chance of winning.

However, if the challenger was this white-haired youth, then what were these two Divine Wind Mechanics doing?

In the end, these two were only the strongest experts under the age of 30 and below the Legendary level.

However, Lu Bai had even insta-killed the number one person below the legendary level, and they didn’t restrict age limits on the seven islands. He had even insta-killed overlord-level ferocious beasts. These two probably couldn’t escape the fate of being insta-killed.

Heavenly King Zou’s expression was indignant and sympathetic…

At the same time, he quickly took a screenshot of the live broadcast and forwarded it to the small group that Director Zhong had just created.

It was attached: “It’s already over. Do we… still need to challenge?”

….

On Director Zhong’s side, he had already heard about Lu Bai’s battle results on the seven islands from Heavenly King Zou and the others.

However, he really didn’t know this person.

President Ye had another disciple?

He had never heard of it.

But if it was true, this Lu Bai was too terrifying. His strength was even stronger than Ji Feng and even exceeded Lu Qingyi. He might be able to catch up to Shi Yu.

Why didn’t such a person register to participate in the Sequence battle?

Could it be that it was really as Zou Yun and the others said, that he was weak and didn’t want to participate in such an activity?

It didn’t look like it at all!

Director Zhong contacted President Ye to ask about the situation.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t contact him.

After all, President Ye was also a busy person. He wasn’t free at all times.

Everything was still unclear, but as Heavenly King Zou sent the message to the group, it immediately attracted Director Zhong’s attention.

Director Zhong, Zou Yun, Ji Feng, Zheng Hai, and the others also followed this battle through this live broadcast.

….

Ancient Capital Arena.

Master Qian Tongming rushed over. In a battle of this level, he could only be the judge.

However, neither this Lendi nor this Lu Bai seemed to know him very well, nor did they care who the judge was. This made the corners of Master Qian’s mouth twitch.

It didn’t matter. Master Qian looked at the white-haired youth with a burning gaze. He was also very puzzled. Who exactly was this guy?

Top-notch master license… In Dong Huang, there were a good number of top-notch masters, but not many.

There was no reason for him not to know such a young top-notch master. Moreover, this Lu Bai didn’t participate in the Sequence battle. It was too strange.

Not only was Master Qian puzzled, but the Beast Tamers who entered were also very confused.

However, they were happy to see someone step forward to challenge these two Shen Feng Mechanics.

“It’s just a little difficult. The Beast Tamers in the top ten of the Sequence were crushed by these two people. This person can’t be stronger than them, right?”

“That’s hard to say. After all, he took the initiative to challenge. He must have some understanding of these two Shen Feng people before challenging…”

No matter what the audience said, Lendi and Shi Yu had already walked onto the battlefield.

The two of them stood looking at each other, and their auras involuntarily emitted, like two ferocious beasts.

Master Qian Tongming’s heart skipped a beat. He understood that this battle was probably not that simple…

He raised his arm and took a deep breath. After seeing that both parties were ready, he said directly,

“Both parties…”

“Ready…”

As Master Qian Tongming was giving the battle command, Elise, who was broadcasting in the front row of the audience, smiled and said,

“Do you know why I said he was an overconfident challenger?”

“I’m free anyway. Let me analyze it for you.”

“Look at that ‘Lu Bai’. The white watch on his wrist is actually a Mechanic life form.”

“Look at the blue bird spirit on his shoulder. That’s clearly an undead.”

“This guy contracted undead and a machine. Is he collecting them?”

In the Beast Taming World, in most cases, specialization was stronger.

For example, Dragon Tamers who specialized in dragons, Mechanics who specialized in mechanical lives, Spirit Mediums who specialized in undead lives… They were much stronger than Beast Tamers without contract plans.

Their team configuration was more systematic and compatible.

In comparison, “Lu Bai” had an undead beside him and was wearing the configuration of a mechanical life. No matter how one looked at it, he was an outlier.

Moreover, Elise used her energy detection device to take a look. The energy value of these two pets…

One was 2.33 million, and the other was 2.5 million. Although it was not bad, compared to them, even if this guy had explosive skills and strengthening skills, it felt completely lacking.

Unless there were still stronger pets hidden. This was the only possibility.

[Stupid.] As Elise analyzed, Ji Feng and the others revealed mocking expressions as they watched the live broadcast.

What she said might make sense, but this guy couldn’t be treated as a normal person…

There were many capable people in Dong Huang who cultivated different types of pets into very strong pets!

For example, Shi Yu, the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, wasn’t specialized in a certain type of pet!

“Battle… begin!!!”