Chapter 653 - Cultivation Results Two Months Later (3)

However, it wasn’t a big problem. Shi Yu had already gotten Ling to study how to increase the Iron-eating Beast’s compatibility with superalloy skills.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Even if it had yet to evolve through the super alloy, with such an outstanding combination and overlord will, Eleven was very confident.

How could it lose!

Seeing Eleven so confident, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu had heavy expressions… This guy was indeed not easy to fight.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “This time, I’ve decided to add a new equipment system!”

“Therefore, in this team meeting battle, you can rely on external forces. After all, weapons and equipment are also a part of strength.”

“Your future enemies won’t fight you fairly. They will have preparations.”

“Our Dong Huang also relied on external forces like forbidden weapons to dominate until now. It’s very reasonable to have an equipment system.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven’s confident expression froze.

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven’s confident expression froze.

Equipment system?

“Wu!!!” On the other hand, Buggy was extremely happy.

Equipment system?!

Seriously?

It could bring equipment to battle? It could kill indiscriminately?!

There were two special existences in Shi Yu’s team.

One was Buggy, and the other was Susu.

The latter could store a large amount of nutrition from food in the body space through the Infinite Devour skill and temporarily transform it in battle.

Through this skill, Susu could use Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit at a smaller price and high efficiency at any time.

As for Buggy, because of the speciality of skills like Phantom Illusion and Dragon of Imagination, it could use “dragon-element equipment” to increase its strength.

If the utilization rate of Eleven and the others using equipment was 10%, then Buggy was 100%. Its compatibility with equipment was extremely high.

This advantage was unique to Buggy in the team. Of course, Future Ling might also have it.

Therefore, when it heard that equipment could be used in this team meeting, Buggy immediately became excited.

Eleven’s face immediately fell.

Because it didn’t have any usable equipment. Aurora Magnetic Gold? It couldn’t increase its battle power at all!

And that worm had a legendary dragon ball in its spatial pocket…

Under the enhancement of the legendary Dragon Ball, Buggy’s strength erupted to a top-notch overlord, an invincible overlord, and even totem level. It was not a problem. It purely depended on the limit Buggy could withstand.

This was even fiercer than the Time Fruit.

“Wuu!!!” At this moment, when it heard Shi Yu say that it could use equipment, Buggy felt that it could stand up.

< Name > Buggy

“Super Skill”: Imagination Domain (Expert+2), Dragon of Imagination (Expert+8), Space Control (Expert+2), Anti-Demon Domain (Expert), Ultimate Absorption (Expert)

Normal Energy Points: 5 million+

In terms of super skills, be it racial skills or teaching skills, Buggy had also reached expert level and above.

Among them, the Dragon of Imagination skill was even closer to perfect level because Buggy was constantly training with the “Space-element Legendary Dragon Ball”. It almost didn’t rely on additional points.

When Buggy used dragon-element equipment to use the Dragon of Imagination, it was also a process to train the Dragon of Imagination’s skill proficiency, so its increase in this aspect was very fast.

In fact, as long as Shi Yu gave the Dragon of Imagination four more points, Buggy could complete its evolution and break through to the overlord level with its dragon transformation.

For example, Shi Yu only stopped when it reached expert level in the Imagination Domain and Space Control. The subsequent proficiency was increased by Buggy itself through training and resources.

Although there weren’t many skills, because of the equipment mechanism of this team meeting, Buggy felt that it could challenge the position of leader!

“Wu!!”

“Wuu!! (So be it, who’s afraid!)” Eleven was still very determined.

This new system was the most beneficial to Buggy.

Shi Yu wasn’t biased towards anyone, but in a real life and death battle, who cared if one used equipment or ate supplements?

The Gem Cat usually carried a pile of life-saving equipment with it. Absolute fairness didn’t exist at all.

He still didn’t know the rules of the World Tournament. If they could bring equipment, those totem country opponents would definitely be fully armed. Shi Yu had to prepare in advance.

Being able to perfectly borrow equipment was also the effect of Buggy’s skill. Before the world competition… he definitely had to go to Dragon Palace City more.

“Yi!!!” At this moment, Baby Ginseng became nervous and asked Shi Yu.

Then, self-destruction and revival… could it be used?

Eleven, Buggy: ???

Shi Yu: “?”

“Do you want to kill Buggy or Eleven?” Shi Yu’s mouth twitched as he asked.

Baby Ginseng sighed. As expected, it still couldn’t be used.

“Wu wu wu.” Baby Ginseng let out Eleven’s aggrieved voice. Buggy could rely on rules to increase its strength, but it was restricted by rules. It suspected that there was a conspiracy and something fishy!

After two months, Baby Ginseng successfully condensed a new time mark.

< Name > Ginseng Baby

“Super Skill”: Source of Life (Expert+11), Time Mark (Expert), Moon Explosion (Expert), Plant Control (Expert+2)

Normal Energy Points: 9 million+

After two months of adding points, Baby Ginseng took the least super racial skills and recovered to the highest normal energy level in the team, exceeding Eleven again.

The reason was very simple. Under the lead of the legendary resource “Divine Earth of Life”, its source of life skill level increased faster than Buggy’s Dragon of Imagination.