Chapter 652 - Cultivation Results In Two Months (2)

“You haven’t forgotten, right? Apart from Eleven, you all owe yourselves a championship because you enjoyed legendary resources in advance.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Six pets: !!!

“Wuu!” Eleven clenched its fists with fighting spirit. Its right arm waved and spun like a windmill.

Impossible. With it around, no one could think of getting first place in the team!

“Wait, wait!!” Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu all showed different expressions. As for Ling, it said excitedly, “Why did you call me over? Don’t tell me you want me to participate too?”

Shi Yu was stunned. He looked at Ling and said, “What else?”

< Name > Ling

“Advanced Skill”: Hundred Transformations (Dao Proficiency), Advanced Intelligence (Dao Proficiency), Mechanical Space (Dao Proficiency), Loading (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Skill”: Wind Element Control (Expert), Divine Net (Expert), Turning Misfortune into Luck (Expert)

Energy Points: 4 million+

As for Ling, Shi Yu had finally taught it the “Divine Net” and “Turning Misfortune into Luck”.

However, this was not Ling’s greatest gain. Its greatest gain was that it completed its evolution through its own upgrade.

During this period, he turned the teaching skills “Divine Net”, “Machinery Space”, and “Loading” into racial skills.

In other words, Ling’s race level had also increased to an overlord race because it had two super racial skills.

Among them, because of the speciality of the “Divine Net” skill, its strength was comparable to a spatial skill. It was not a problem to say that Ling was a “medium-level overlord mechanical race”.

This was thanks to the powerful intelligent research and self-leveling ability of the Divine Net skill.

It was also because it had learned Divine Net that Ling could be busy with various research projects at the same time.

Otherwise, it would have to study the “Fusion Mecha”, the “Qilin Revival”, and the “Super Alloy Iron-eating Beast”. Even if it had full-level high-level intelligence, it wouldn’t be able to handle it.

At this moment, although Ling had yet to successfully fuse with the Kirin fossil and learn Mythical Revival, Ling’s mecha form already had a prototype.

It was just that he couldn’t fuse the power of the entire team yet. At most, he could perfectly fuse the power of the three parties like the sniper form at that time.

However, with the mechanical space and various equipment, in Shi Yu’s opinion, it was already considered initial battle power.

“No, no, no.” In the Rubik’s Cube, the white-haired loli shook her head crazily, resisting.

Although its strength had also improved greatly in the past two months, but…

It looked at Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu and fell silent.

After its top-notch intelligence, expert level Divine Net skill analysis, its chances of winning against the five of them were below 0.1%…

Usually, as the team’s instructor, Ling would seriously supervise the training of every pet, like a big sister.

If it got last place in the team meeting, it probably wouldn’t be able to hold it in.

Its persona would directly collapse. Ling thought for a moment. It couldn’t fight!

It was very scientific for a good trainer to not be strong.

“I, I’ll be the judge!” Ling said quickly with a red face!

“Contestants: Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu.”

“It’s not that I don’t dare to fight, but that it’s boring.” Ling turned around, very nervous.

Its mecha form and its Kirin form had yet to be developed. There was not much meaning in participating in such a competition… It would talk about it in the future.

“Wu?” “Wuu…” “Yi…” “Mi!” “Ning?”

Not participating?

The other five looked at Ling with burning gazes, making its heart shiver.

“Then next time.” Shi Yu smiled.

Shi Yu and the others didn’t expose Ling’s thoughts.

Indeed, compared to the other five, Ling’s cultivation level was not very high. Shi Yu thought for a moment and decided to let it be the judge with him first.

“You’re not participating in the individual battle, but remember to participate in the team battle later,” Shi Yu added without allowing Ling to refuse.

Ling wanted to cry.

“Also, the second team meeting has to be updated to a certain extent compared to the first team meeting.”

“Apart from the team battle after the individual battle, I also plan to add a new system this time.”

Among the six pets, Eleven showed an invincible expression.

It was still very confident. No matter what, it was still very stable!

< Name > Eleven

“Super Skill”: Inner Power (Expert+1), Lightning Rod (Expert), Space Quake (Expert), Bean Soldier (Expert), Impregnable (Expert+1), Undying Golden Body (Expert+1), White Thunder (Expert)

Normal Energy Points: 9 million+

In the past two months, Eleven had successfully awakened the White Thunder skill through the “Aurora Magnetic Gold”.

Moreover, after Shi Yu added points to the expert level, the power of its lightning skill increased greatly!

At the start, Principal Feng judged that the chances of the dark-element affinity Eleven awakening White Thunder were not high, but he had underestimated Eleven’s other thunder-element skill proficiency.

Under the lead of the high proficiency of other basic thunder-element skills and the electromagnetic control power of Dao Proficiency-level electromagnetic levitation, Eleven absorbed the power of the “Aurora Magnetic Gold” very smoothly.

Not only had it learned a new skill, but its physique had also increased greatly because it used the legendary resource “Aurora Magnetic Gold”. Of course, the reason why it became stronger so quickly was also related to its two months of self-mutilating demonic training.

The only pity was that the “super alloy” skill replicated by Shi Yu did not have enough Iron-eating Beast compatibility and could not be taught directly.