Chapter 658 - Hunting An Overlord (2)

As expected… Shi Yu let Chi Tong possess him and split into two.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A blue-haired Lu Bai clone and a red-haired Shi Yu clone.

Shi Yu looked at the two clones and nodded. He chuckled and said, “Let’s fight. Eleven, Ling, you guys also go and split into clones to help them.”

His main body didn’t have the energy to fight anymore. Let Lu Bai’s clone fight Shi Yu’s clone for fun.

Eleven, Ling: ???

Lu Bai and Shi Yu’s clones: ???

Then, under the gaze of Shi Yu and his pets, a world where only the clones were injured appeared.

The battle between the Shi Yu clone+Eleven clone+Buggy clone+Baby Ginseng clone+Chi Tong clone vs the Lu Bai clone+Ling clone+Susu clone+Chi Tong clone was about to begin.

As there was an additional clone on the left, in order to balance the battle power, Shi Yu only let the Chi Tong clone on the left have the power of a level-one awakened beast. It was purely used as a cosmetic.

The outcome was also very tragic. Baby Ginseng’s clone self-destructed and directly blew up both parties, forcing a draw.

The main bodies shook their heads repeatedly.

As expected, it was right to ban Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction in the team competition…

Although both parties had died, Shi Yu’s goal had been achieved. He held his cell phone and looked at the battle photo of [Red-haired Sword God Shi Yu vs Blue-haired Spear God Lu Bai]. He was very satisfied.

In the scene, the red-haired Sword God, Shi Yu, held a fire sword spirit, and the blue-haired Spear God, Lu Bai, held a sniper rifle. The battle between the sword light and the impact cannon was extremely spectacular.

“Sigh, boring.”

Shi Yu directly got Buggy to post a status through the [Time Traveler] account and send the photo.

Shi Yu and the others only posted Mu Huiyin’s video before turning it down. This was the only account where netizens could find Shi Yu, so many people tagged this account to ask about the results of Shi Yu and Lu Bai’s battle.

The reason why the audience was so eager to know was that Lu Bai’s battle results in challenging the champion on the seven islands had been exposed.

It wasn’t exposed by Dong Huang’s own people.

It was exposed by Lendi of the Shen Feng exchange team in embarrassment.

Because he lost to Lu Bai, a group of people ran over to criticize him, so he investigated Lu Bai. Then, he exposed the battle results of Lu Bai instantly killing the number one person under the legends of the new generation of the seven islands on the path to champion. He wanted to show that it wasn’t that he was weak, but that this guy was too abnormal and not a regular human.

This made Shi Yu and Lu Bai’s match very sought after…

And now, everyone had finally gotten what they wanted.

This update of Buggy could be said to have shocked all of Dong Huang…

Because apart from a picture of Shi Yu vs Lu Bai, there were also three words attached to the account:

“I won.”

Holy shit!

Shi Yu vs Lu Bai, Shi Yu won!

Apart from Director Zhong, Principal Feng, Legend Noble Gui, Legend Xiao Shuang, Legend Ke, and the others, most people were shocked.

Lu Bai’s battle results were already strong, but Shi Yu could actually win!

How strong was Shi Yu?!

As he looked at the comments praising him, Shi Yu was happy and in a good mood. The cooldown time for adding points immediately decreased because of his good mood…

….

“What are you doing?”

Ping Cheng, in Shi Yu’s big villa.

The gem cat rushed over and said, “We’re going to the Heavenly Fox Nation, just the two of us??”

It looked at Shi Yu, who was playing with his cell phone, and said, “You should… want a few more bodyguards, right?”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “Why are you even more cowardly than me?”

“It’s not just the two of us. There’s also a guardian…” Shi Yu quickly repeated what President Lin had told him to the gem cat. When it heard that the butterfly god was around, the gem cat immediately nodded in satisfaction.

That was alright.

“You don’t understand. It’s dangerous outside.” The gem cat looked serious and said, “For example, if we want to go to the Heavenly Fox Nation, the road is very dangerous.”

“Have you seen the map?”

“If we want to go to the Heavenly Fox Nation, we first have to pass through a forbidden area of an unknown size. Many overlords over there have established themselves and occupy mountains as kings. It’s considered a chaotic area. Some overlords aren’t necessarily weaker than that whale.”

“Then, after leaving the forbidden zone, you have to pass through either the ‘Divine Tree Nation’ or one of the countries in the ‘Divine Elephant Nation’ to reach the ‘Heavenly Fox Nation’.”

“The controller of the Divine Tree Nation is a divine tree with the strength of a top-notch totem. The plants everywhere in the country might be its eyes. No one knows where its main body is.”

“And the controller of the ‘Divine Elephant Nation’, the Destructive Divine Mammoth, is also a top-notch totem. It has mastered the ‘Perfect Undying Golden Body’. It’s difficult for a demigod to kill it.”

“I know.” Shi Yu nodded. He naturally understood this.

“So let’s go from the ‘Divine Elephant Nation’ to the ‘Heavenly Fox Nation’. It’s safer this way. I’ll directly hide in the ruins space. You can teleport me over. In the blink of an eye, I’ll reach my destination,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“I reckon that the Butterfly God and the others should have also used this method to infiltrate.”

The gem cat: ???

“Let Buggy do it!!” The gem cat said, “I have to be vigilant of my surroundings at all times to protect your safety. Traveling is too tiring.”

Shi Yu said, “Then let Buggy do it!”

It was first in the team, wasn’t it? The capable ones did more work.