Chapter 655 - Cultivation Results In Two Months (5)

At the moment, the team meeting was already coming to an end.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the arena, with an indignant and aggrieved roar, a huge panda fell down aggrievedly under the excited and teary gaze of the green divine dragon.

After the cruel battle and the upgrades, the strength ranking in the team changed a hundred million times.

First, Buggy, second, Eleven, third, Baby Ginseng, fourth, Chi Tong, fifth, Susu.

As the saying went, there was a different king each generation. Due to the enhancement of the equipment system, Buggy won every battle with an absolute advantage.

When it carried the legendary Dragon Ball and turned into a divine dragon to fight, its energy level was basically maintained at “over 50 million” and it could continue fighting. Its physical strength was not inferior to Eleven’s. A dragon claw that could tear through space… Even Eleven’s expert level Undying Golden Body and Eleven’s army skills couldn’t withstand more than a few hits.

As for the consecutive eruptions of Eleven, who was in a desperate situation, its power was also greatly weakened under Buggy’s “Demon Suppression Domain”. It couldn’t pose a fatal threat to Buggy. Moreover, Buggy also mastered the “Ultimate Absorption”. Its physical endurance wasn’t much inferior to Eleven.

After a fierce battle, although Eleven became the opponent who posed the greatest threat to Buggy, Buggy still barely defeated it. This made Buggy extremely excited, and it also made Eleven deeply understand the dangers of the world.

“Roar!!! (Leader, thank you!!)” In the sky, Buggy, who had transformed into a green divine dragon, shouted in gratitude. Although it had borrowed external help, it had still beat the leader once.

“Sob…” Eleven, who had fallen to the ground, looked indignant. It wanted to fight again because it couldn’t bear to use the power of the Yun An Demon God just now. Because it was the team meeting, it couldn’t bear to use this almost one-time-use evolution resource. After all, it was still waiting to cooperate with White Thunder and the superalloy to evolve.

It wasn’t convinced!!!

Wuu——!

It wanted to see if Buggy still dared to fight it after it evolved!

“Hoho.” Shi Yu smiled as he watched. Eleven finally knelt once.

Eleven had already worked hard enough. He hoped it wouldn’t go overboard in training now that it lost to Buggy…

At the side, Ling looked at the playful Shi Yu and suspected that Shi Yu planned this all along…

Second place, Eleven. Although it was one move away from losing to Buggy, the other pets still posed a relatively small threat to Eleven. Only Baby Ginseng was a little scarier.

In the beginning, Baby Ginseng hid underground and Eleven flew into the sky. The classic scene reappeared. Eleven and Baby Ginseng couldn’t do anything to each other.

However, after Eleven was forced into a corner, it directly self-mutilated and entered a desperate situation. It exceeded the limit of multiple eruptions. After every electromagnetic cannon touched the ground, it produced an effect comparable to the “Perfect Level super skill Earthquake”. It directly stunned the weak ginseng baby underground, causing it to have a concussion.

In third place, Baby Ginseng was inferior. Its time mark was restricted, and it was destined to be unable to unleash a dazzling attack.

In fourth place, Chi Tong. Chi Tong won very dangerously because if it wanted to erupt with powerful strength, it could only rely on the Myriad Sword Convergence, the Interlocking Sword, and the Demon Blade Curse to stack various buffs. And these few skills had a huge burden. Its two scapegoats were not enough at all.

Time was tight in the team meeting. During this period, Chi Tong definitely didn’t have time to condense a new scapegoat. There were a total of four opponents, so the scapegoats weren’t enough.

Therefore, Chi Tong chose to fight passively against Buggy, Eleven, and Baby Ginseng. It left the two scapegoats to Susu. Only then did it use the two scapegoats as the price of dying and being injured under the extreme eruption of the Myriad Sword Convergence and the Interlocking Sword to successfully let Susu be at the bottom. Otherwise, it would be really dangerous to face the stronger Susu.

As for Susu, who had been schemed against by the plastic sister again… It was completely depressed, making Ling’s heart ache… Fortunately, i didn’t participate.

After this battle, it was obvious that Eleven and the others had obtained a terrifying increase in strength compared to the first team meeting. Although they were still at the monarch level, it was basically no problem for Eleven and the others to fight weaker overlords above their level.

Unfortunately, although Shi Yu had pulled the super skills of his main pets to above expert level in two months, be it Buggy, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, or Ling, none of them could upgrade their willpower like Eleven during the painful super skills. It looked like Eleven’s talent was still unique.

Shi Yu still hoped that they could have the overlord’s will quickly. After all, apart from having a huge increase in strength, the greatest difference between mid-level willpower and overlord’s will was that after the one with overlord’s will added points and various supplements were added, Shi Yu would recover for about a day. The burden was lighter, while mid-level willpower needed him to recover for about two days.

At this moment, the strength of each main pet was already passable. While waiting for the pets to recover and for the team battle, Shi Yu was also thinking if it was time to get an overlord-level pet.

After thinking about it, Shi Yu confirmed it. Next, he started over and added points to Eleven.

He added all of Eleven’s super skills to perfect level. Then, with the legendary resource “Aurora Magnetic Gold” and the overlord’s will, he let Eleven break through to perfect overlord level.

Two months of silence had made Shi Yu much thinner. After all, he had either added points or learned various foreign historical knowledge. He had already been forced to the limit…