Chapter 654 - Cultivation Results Two Months Later (4)

Apart from that, the greatest change in Baby Ginseng was that after Shi Yu leveled up the “time mark” to expert level, it finally accelerated and condensed a new time mark.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In other words, Baby Ginseng had obtained the ability to revive again.

Unfortunately, this combination skill of “Self-destruction+Resurrection” was directly destroyed by Shi Yu in the team competition.

Baby Ginseng thought about ginseng life… It suspected that it had been targeted by a conspiracy, and Buggy had definitely bribed Shi Yu.

“Mi…”

“Ning…”

Chi Tong and Susu also looked at each other.

Although they were at the bottom in the last team meeting, this time, both Chi Tong and Susu wanted to advance a little.

“Mi!!” Chi Tong looked at Shi Yu eagerly.

The greatest problem now was that it had yet to find a suitable undead puppet.

< Name > Chi Tong

“Super Level”: Interlocking Sword (Expert+5), Sun Flame (Expert+2), Spirit Release (Expert+5), Undead Revival (Expert+2), Demon Blade Curse (Expert)

Normal Energy Points: 7 million+

On Chi Tong’s side, it was actually the most comfortable, because in the team, it was the only one with three legendary resources!

On its side, Shi Yu still didn’t add many points. He only pushed the Demon Blade Curse and Undead Revival to expert level.

However, because of the power of the two Sun Flame Flowers and the enhancement of possessing the bone sword, its Sun Flame Proficiency and its Dead Revival Proficiency increased very quickly.

This was the power of legendary resources!

This was even when it only possessed the Sun Flame Flower and only absorbed power and didn’t completely eat it.

If it completely ate one, he would probably immediately break through to the overlord level.

This made Shi Yu sigh. As long as the Beast Tamer was rich enough and had enough suitable legendary resources, the increase in skill proficiency might not be slower than adding points.

Unfortunately, although he had tested the power of the Revival of the Dead with the ferocious beasts on the snow mountain, Chi Tong had yet to find a suitable undead puppet. If he could have the support of an undead puppet with good battle power, Chi Tong felt that its chances of winning could be greater!

“There’s no other way.” Shi Yu shrugged and said, “In the country, it’s basically impossible for there to be suitable ferocious beasts for you to kill.”

“Let’s talk about it after we go abroad. At that time, we’ll raise the Revival of the Dead to perfect level and directly take an overlord undead as our little brother! For now, pretend that you don’t have this skill.”

Chi Tong: Mi? QAQ

“Ning!!” Susu comforted Chi Tong.

At this moment, Susu was actually a little nervous.

The last time, even if it had the will of an overlord, it was still a little traumatized. It was very worried that it would still be at the bottom this time.

As for Ling, it would directly slip away and not participate. Now it was definitely impossible for it to be at the bottom. Now that Sister Chi Tong had also been destroyed, in Susu’s opinion, it was a good thing. Susu felt that it was a little further from the bottom now. Great.

Now, Susu, who had learned the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, felt that it was still very strong.

It had already been reborn since the last team meeting.

< Name > Susu

“Super Skill”: Holy Water Ring (Expert), Water/Ice Elemental Control (Expert+2), Wave Cannon (Expert), Infinite Devour (Expert), Heavenly Frost Cold Energy (Expert)

Normal Energy Points: 6 million+

Compared to other pets, Susu’s situation was relatively normal.

Its legendary resource, “Cold Sky Drop”, didn’t help it much in terms of skill proficiency. It only added some changes to its water elemental control.

It was as proficient in controlling the ice element as the water element. This was also thanks to the fact that ice was a form of water.

Because of the existence of the overlord’s will, Susu was also the most suitable for Shi Yu to add points. He basically finished it in a few days.

Unlike when he added points to Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others, he had to rest for two days every time he added points.

“Mi ~” After being comforted by Susu, Chi Tong stuck to Susu. Good sister.

“Come on, come on.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “A new team meeting!”

….

Two days later.

In the ruins space, accompanied by a rumbling vibration and an energy storm, Shi Yu sat calmly at the judge’s seat and looked at the pets in the battle.

Beside him, a Rubik’s Cube floated with lingering fear.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s physique was almost maxed out. After two months of points and recovery, his physique had undoubtedly reached the limit of level six.

After using Buggy’s phantom experiment, it was probably not a problem for Shi Yu to fight a monarch-level dragon of an overlord race with his bare hands.

Shi Yu’s physical strength increased very quickly. He could even fight weaker masters like President Feng and Commander He in Ping Cheng with his bare hands.

If he were to retake the ordinary master license, Master Qu Jie’s Ox-Headed Beast King might not need Eleven to take action. Perhaps Shi Yu could do it himself without sending his pet.

Unfortunately, apart from being able to withstand greater pressure when possessed by undead and mechanical armor, making his overall strength stronger, and being able to withstand more pressure when adding points… It didn’t seem to be useful.

After all, his current opponents were no longer ordinary master-level and monarch-level. They were all legends and overlords.

Even Eleven and the others couldn’t withstand an overlord-level skill, let alone him.

The increase in his physique made Shi Yu feel more comforted. It was the icing on the cake. At least, the chances of him dying from the aftermath of the battle were even smaller.

It was still unrealistic for him to deal with the opponent he was about to face himself.