Chapter 651 - Cultivation Results In Two Months (1)

In the blink of an eye, two months had passed since Shi Yu returned from the seven islands.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For the past two months, Shi Yu had been in Ping Cheng and working overtime in Icefield City.

He cultivated wholeheartedly.

However, he didn’t stop receiving information from the outside world.

During this period of time, Shi Yu was most concerned about the situation on the seven islands.

In the beginning, Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang had the absolute advantage in the negotiation.

The two parties still demanded from the seven islands according to the number of resources mentioned at the start.

Twenty legends, or two myths, and the right to explore the ruins mystic realm…

Until the legendary Valkyrie came out of seclusion and both parties engaged in a small-scale confrontation.

After a collision, Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang finally pulled back a bit.

After all, they still had to give the legendary level respect.

According to what Shi Yu understood, at that time, the Seven Islands Valkyrie was not at a disadvantage when staring down several totem dragons alone. She even had the upper hand. In order to avoid the conflict from escalating, Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang finally pulled back.

After all, the goal of both parties was only resources and not a war.

The conditions were so high because they were originally waiting for the seven islands to bargain.

However, after all, the seven islands had done something wrong. They still had to compensate.

However, the specific compensation had been discussed for two months. This made Shi Yu glad that he didn’t stay there for long. Otherwise, he would have waited too long.

This kind of thing was indeed not something that could be negotiated in the short term.

It was as troublesome as when he applied for legendary resources.

The reason why they were still negotiating was that Dong Huang, the seven islands, and Dragon Palace City had currently placed their focus on investigating the Ke Yuan Financial Group and the totem faction behind it.

At the moment, the seven islands could basically confirm that the core higher-ups of the Ke Yuan Financial Group had betrayed the country and joined the totem country.

The reason was very simple. The core assets of the Ke Yuan Financial Group had long been secretly transferred.

This was not good news for the Seven Nation Alliance. Although the totem country had been plotting against the technological system of the seven countries for a long time, and this was not the first treason case, no matter what, the Keyuan Financial Group was still a super large financial group that started with technology in the seven islands.

For the other six countries, the betrayal of a large financial group of this scale was a wake-up call, making the seven countries supervise the forces in the country more strictly.

At the same time, Dong Huang understood that things weren’t that simple this time because it involved a demigod, Yun An.

Of course, Shi Yu temporarily didn’t have the energy or strength to interfere. His current priority was still to increase his strength and wait for the World Tournament to begin.

Now, there were still more than six months until the start of the world competition.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, there was still plenty of time. This was because in the past two months, his strength and the strength of his pets had undergone a complete change. According to his current progress, he would definitely be invincible in another half a year.

Of course, apart from him, there were also some changes in the ranking of the Sequence battle, making Shi Yu very surprised.

There was no change in the top ten and top eight of the Sequence.

The top four were still those legends. The fifth was still him, the sixth was still Senior Lu, the seventh was still Ji Feng, and the eighth was Zheng Hai. However, the ninth and tenth were different.

Ning Tianming, this half ghost, as well as Tong Yan, the poison doctor of the Medical Bureau, were directly killed.

Heavenly King Zou became number nine.

Shi Yu didn’t know what he had done. Perhaps he had pulled in an investment or had a fortuitous encounter. Every pet’s strength had increased greatly.

The tenth became a guy that surprised Shi Yu. The fourth bureau, Gao Xuan.

Ever since Gao Xuan lost the National League, just like before, he still wasn’t active in the Sequence battle. After being attacked by the Mechanical Conference, he was even less in the mood.

He didn’t even appear when the Shen Feng exchange team came to Dong Huang, but in the past month, Gao Xuan had made a high-profile comeback.

Originally, according to his strength, it was not enough to enter the top ten of the Sequence if he couldn’t use small forbidden weapons,

However, during this period, Gao Xuan might’ve been in seclusion. After coming out of seclusion, his Beast Taming level broke through from level five to level six. The strength of his awakening talent increased, and his research ability increased. He even completed a new round of strengthening of his Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.

In this ranking, he shocked the world and directly entered the top ten of the Sequence.

In terms of strength, it was even praised by the Beast Tamers on the Internet. It wasn’t much worse than the number one person below the legend of the new generation of Shen Feng, Lun Di.

It could probably withstand a shot from Lu Bai.

This made Gao Xuan, who had just returned, fall silent again.

During this period, the most annoying thing was still Lu Bai. Lu Bai still didn’t register for the Sequence Battle. This undoubtedly made the Beast Tamers on Dong Huang’s side feel that it was a pity. It had been two months since they looked forward to Lu Bai vs Shi Yu, and there was still no news.

What they didn’t know was that at this moment, today, Shi Yu and Lu Bai were finally going to fight…

….

In the ruins space, on the huge grassland, Shi Yu yawned. He looked at the pets that had become stronger after a round of points and smiled.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling also looked at Shi Yu energetically.

“Alright, this round of points adding has already ended…”

“Two months have passed in the blink of an eye. More than half a year has passed since the last team meeting.”

“After two months of adding points, you’re almost on the same level. Why don’t we hold another team meeting?”