Chapter 656 - Cultivation Results In Two Months (6)

However, because the results of his hard work could receive obvious feedback and with Susu cleansing his heart, Shi Yu could still hold on. They were already considered good here. The really miserable ones were the mechanical Tyrant Dragon and the Duck Beak Beast.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It had been two months. The mechanical Tyrant Dragon and the Duckbill Beast had yet to defeat the transcendent-level Green Silkworm in the first level, even if they worked together…

Shi Yu could testify that Buggy really didn’t cheat. That was really its strength at the transcendent level.

It was purely because the transcendent-level Green Silkworm was ridiculously strong to begin with. Not only did it master spatial skills, but it could also materialize an ice dragon… Everyone knew how to fight as a duo.

The overlords of the earth and the ocean were destined to be unable to defeat the green worm.

After resting for half a day, Shi Yu was preparing to carry out the team battle of “Shi Yu vs Lu Bai”. He planned to casually take a photo and post it on the Internet to entertain himself and reduce the cooldown time. However, a call interrupted his movements.

It was President Lin.

In the video call, President Lin’s young face appeared. Shi Yu suspected that President Lin had also eaten some special legendary resource. Otherwise, it was impossible for him to look younger than him at 100 years old.

“Shi Yu.” As soon as the call connected, President Lin said, “Didn’t you say before that you wanted to go to the Heavenly Fox Nation?”

Shi Yu was stunned and immediately nodded. “Yes, what’s wrong? The Space Emperor’s Space Beast Egg has an incubation point over there.”

“Are you free now? If you want to go over, you can consider carrying out an additional special mission,” President Lin said.

“What?”

President Lin said, “A legendary ruin descended in the Heavenly Fox Nation. According to our spies, this ruin might have come from the Emperor Wu Era and is related to the Iron-eating Beast.”

“The location of the ruins is a remote village in the Heavenly Fox Nation, and a large number of iron-eating beasts live near this village.”

“This is the first iron-eating beast trace discovered outside Dong Huang.”

“The other situations are still unclear. At the moment, this ruin has already been controlled by the ‘Heavenly Fox Nation’. It shouldn’t have been cracked yet. Next, we’ll send a few people to infiltrate the Heavenly Fox Nation and take over this ruin. You’re an expert in the archeology of the iron-eating beasts. If you participate, it might be much smoother.”

“Moreover, there’s a guardian in the country who used the prophecy ability to determine that there might be iron-eating beast evolution materials in this ruin. It’s just that we can’t be sure if it’s an evolution material or a second-stage evolution material.”

“Of course, apart from accepting this ruin, you also have to bring the Iron-eating Beast race that wandered in the Heavenly Fox Nation back to Dong Huang.”

Shi Yu was stunned. “The Heavenly Fox Nation… has an Iron-eating Beast Race?!”

“There might be iron-eating beast evolution materials in the ruins?”

“Well, that’s right.” President Lin nodded and said, “Of course, for you, the most important thing is your own safety and hatching of the Space Beast Egg. Then comes the task of bringing back the Iron-eating Beast Race, and then cracking and bringing back the ruins. If there’s no progress in the ruins, you can give up. After all, that place is already strictly controlled by the totem country…”

“Although the power of the Heavenly Fox Nation isn’t strong, and their fox god is only comparable to the guardian cat Ying, it’s still an extremely dangerous place…”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. From the looks of it, he couldn’t continue to stay cooped up and increase points. It was better to increase points as he walked. When he heard that there were ruins, and they were iron-eating beast ruins, the blood that Shi Yu had cooled down for two months immediately burned. As expected, exploring ruins was youth…