Chapter 657 - Hunting An Overlord (1)

On the icy plain, the cold wind blew like a blade and hit Shi Yu.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu held the phone and asked President Lin, “President Lin, when are we leaving? Apart from me, who else is there?”

On the other side, President Lin said, “Apart from you, the other candidates haven’t been confirmed.”

On the other side, President Lin said, “Apart from you, the other candidates haven’t been confirmed.”

“Because I just received the news, the first person I contacted was you,” President Lin said.

“However, I have almost an idea about the other candidates.”

“For example, Ji Feng from the tenth bureau.”

“Although his strength is a bit weaker, his All Things Affinity talent can not only be close to natural energy, but also to all things.”

“In the gaming terminology of you young people, it means that he has a favorable affinity while in the enemy territory… It’s very suitable for infiltration operations. This is also why he can enter the Intelligence Bureau.”

“Although he’s not strong, Ji Feng has also infiltrated the totem country]ies many times to carry out missions. He can definitely help you.”

“For example, Ke Yingzong from the eleventh bureau. You guys have formed a team to explore the Phoenix Mystic Realm. You might be very compatible with each other. He’s also an experienced person. He’s a legend who has gone to the totem country many times to carry out archeological missions.”

“Of course, the most important thing is still the guardian of Ancient Capital University that you have a good relationship with.”

Shi Yu: “Mm.”

Was this lineup really alright?

Didn’t their Dong Huang have any other guardians? Why did they always pull a cat around?

“I’m not asking you to fight. It’s a secret mission, so the number of people isn’t the key,” President Lin said.

“Don’t expose your identity in this mission. After all, we’re in a special contract period now. The Heavenly Fox Nation has also signed a world competition contract. In theory, we can’t invade the sovereignty of the Heavenly Fox Nation.”

Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment.

“Of course, in order to ensure safety, apart from Guardian Ying, I’ll also ask another guardian to go with you.”

Shi Yu expressed his understanding.

Two guardians, that was fine.

Low profile.

“There will also be a member of the tenth bureau in charge of picking you up in the Heavenly Fox Nation. I’ll send you her specific information later. After this mission, you have to bring her back safely. This is also her last mission.”

The last mission?

Why did it sound a little wrong…

Shi Yu nodded. He understood. He wasn’t going to fight, but to do something sneaky.

President Lin said, “You and the gem cat are a team. Set off alone. Go and hatch the Space Beast Egg first. Be at your destination in seven days.”

“The other infiltration team will set off alone. They will arrive before you and collect information. You and the gem cat will be their backup.”

“They’re in the light, but you and the gem cat are in the dark.”

….

After receiving the mission from President Lin, Shi Yu immediately received the information about Dong Huang’s spies in the Heavenly Fox Nation and the other guardian that President Lin planned to send.

Shi Yu fell silent.

Members of the tenth bureau, Qu Ling.

Why did this name sound so familiar?

Wasn’t this… Master Qu Jie’s daughter???

He had previously heard that Master Qu Jie’s daughter was a little genius and stayed in the tenth bureau. Master Qu Jie was also promoted because his daughter’s performance in the mission was outstanding. He didn’t expect to meet her in this way…

Apart from that, President Lin also sent Shi Yu the information on the guardian who had gone to be a bodyguard for another infiltration team.

Shi Yu fell silent again.

Dong Huang’s guardian, Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly.

Wasn’t this… the butterfly god that helped Buggy evolve??

One of the members of the second team of Lin Feng Legend.

Was he going to be woken up by President Lin not long after holding the Butterfly Meeting?

As the descendant of Legendary Lin Feng, President Lin seemed to be able to persuade the pets that this Legendary left behind. The Sea Dragon King seemed to have a good relationship with President Lin too.

“Then there’s no problem.” Shi Yu nodded.

In addition to the gem cat, there were a total of two guardians. If they went to the weakest totem country, the Heavenly Fox Nation, and also remembered to keep a low profile, it wouldn’t be a problem…

….

Shi Yu called the gem cat and informed it to come over to travel together. The cat cursed and hung up.

Apart from the gem cat, Shi Yu originally wanted to find the Void Mantis and Senior Lu.

Because his original plan was to call them when he went to places like the Heavenly Fox Nation to travel.

However, due to the sudden addition of a mission, Shi Yu thought for a moment and decided to forget it. He still had to ask President Lin. It was too troublesome.

Women would only delay his speed of cracking the ruins…

Eh? Wait a minute, Senior Lu was also an archeologist. It didn’t seem to delay the speed of cracking the ruins. There could even be an additional effect…

But it was still troublesome. It was a pity that he couldn’t experience the speed of the mantis car.

He was quite satisfied with the speed of the cat car and the bug car. He wondered how the Space Emperor’s mantis car felt.

While waiting for the cat to come, Shi Yu did not stay idle. He summoned all his contracted pets.

“Wuu!” “Wu!!” “Yi?” “Mi!” “Ning?!”

After Eleven and the others were summoned, apart from Ling, they looked at Shi Yu in anticipation.

Maybe a team battle was about to be held?

“No, after Teacher Cat comes, we have to go to the totem country to carry out a mission. We have other things to do during this period, so we can’t waste too much energy,” Shi Yu said.

“Yay ~” Ling’s originally depressed face suddenly became happy.

“But I’m free now anyway…” Shi Yu smiled. Suddenly, Ling had a bad feeling.