Chapter 659 - Hunting Overlords (3)

Did it really think it was so easy to first in the team?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Buggy]: ???

“Alright ~” The gem cat was much gentler after that.

“When are we leaving?” The gem cat couldn’t wait anymore.

Legendary-level ruins!

Just now, Shi Yu had said that this was a legendary ruin!

If there was a gem inside, it would be given priority.

Even without the gem, the salary would be a lot, at least not less than the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly’s.

“As soon as possible, but President Lin asked us to go later. Let the others investigate the situation first. Safety first,” Shi Yu said.

“What do you think?” the gem cat said.

“Safety first. Let’s go prepare first. We’ll change our appearance in the forbidden zone and increase our trump cards before hatching the pet egg. Finally, we’ll meet the main group.”

“How do we prepare??”

“Of course, it’s better to change my appearance simply and change my pet to increase my battle power.”

The gem cat: “?”

“What other pets do you have to exchange?? Don’t tell it’s that duck.”

“Yes, have you forgotten Chi Tong’s Undead Revival skill? It has already learned this skill through the bone sword.”

“Although Chi Tong’s Undead Revival hasn’t reached perfect level and it can’t control overlord-level undead puppets, doesn’t this still have legendary resources? As long as Chi Tong possesses the bone sword and kills overlord-level creatures through the bone sword, the effect is the same. It can control overlord-level undead.”

“Let’s hunt two to three overlord-level creatures in the forbidden zone of the Lost World first and turn them into undead puppets to control in the bone sword. At that time, won’t my new identity be created?”

“Legendary Spirit Medium… Undead Calamity… Undead Master…”

“An evil Undead Sorcerer exploring ruins in the Heavenly Fox Nation. It will feel completely different from Shi Yu and Lu Bai.”

Lost World Forbidden Zone.

It was considered the buffer area between Dong Huang and the totem country.

This… was also Baby Ginseng’s hometown.

The environment was very dangerous. The ferocious beasts inside were far stronger than the ferocious beasts in Dong Huang.

Of course, the strongest was only an overlord. With the gem cat leading the way, transmigrating was easy.

Apart from that, this was also the place where Dong Huang produced the most beast tides.

There would definitely be undead puppets suitable for Chi Tong.

Chi Tong had always hated why it wasn’t sufficiently prepared before the second team meeting. Otherwise, if it possessed the bone sword and killed a few overlords first, this equipment system would also be beneficial to it. Buggy might not necessarily be first!

The gem cat fell into deep thought.

After some thought, he came to a conclusion and looked at Shi Yu with a burning gaze.

“You… Don’t tell me you want me to be your fighter and help you fight overlords!!”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “How could that be? Let’s try it ourselves first. We’ll treat it as practice before the world competition. If we can’t defeat it, you can come again…”

The gem cat: !!!

So it was still it who had to do it!

The gem cat’s face fell.

“Confirm with me before you choose which overlord to fight…”

“No way, even totems have to choose weak targets when fighting overlords?”

“What do you know!”

….

Dong Huang, border area, White Mountain Town.

This place was the same as Icefield City. It was at the border of Dong Huang’s land, but Icefield City was next to the ocean. This place was next to a huge mountain range, and this mountain range contained many forbidden areas of the Lost World inside. It was a natural danger zone that isolated Dong Huang, the Divine Tree Nation, the Divine Elephant Nation, and the other totem areas. It was very difficult to cross.

Even legendary Beast Tamers were unwilling to go deeper. Of course, because the forbidden zone contained rich resources, there would still be Beast Tamers who took the risk from time to time to enter the inner area to hunt and search for treasures.

For example, back then, Grandma Li only caught Baby Ginseng because she came here to explore a fossil mystic realm.

They were about to go home. In Shi Yu’s team, Baby Ginseng was as excited as Chi Tong.

Chi Tong was excited that it would soon have an overlord undead puppet…

As for Baby Ginseng’s passionate suggestion, it would first hunt those monsters that it had memories of. It wouldn’t be too late for Baby Ginseng to take revenge. It was back!!