Chapter 662 - Undying Sun Ginseng (3)

It was only a light injury.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The attack couldn’t completely break through its defense.

“Huh???” Seeing this, the Earth Abyss Demon Tree heaved a sigh of relief. It suddenly felt that it was only so-so.

Yes, why should he be afraid of a mere ginseng baby?

Even if it was at the overlord level!

“Not good!!” But at this moment, the contractor of the Earth Abyss Demon Tree felt a life-and-death crisis.

The half sword leaf on the Earth Abyss Demon Tree’s body… flickered with orange-red light.

It emitted a warm aura.

That was… the light of an explosion.

On the other side, Baby Ginseng shook its head. As expected, it was still not suitable to be a sword immortal. Explosion was the eternal art…

Mutated Moon Explosion!

As the light became stronger and stronger, the Earth Abyss Demon Tree’s pupils constricted.

Boom…

A dazzling red light came out, accompanied by a world-shaking bang. The rolling heat wave tide rose into the sky like a volcano eruption.

The red smoke swept up energy fluctuations like Sun Flame Flowers that instantly bloomed in the sky.

The violent hot wind and shock wave uprooted countless huge trees and burned them. At this moment, as strong wind and strong light blew over, the female Beast Tamer on the tree instantly sensed the death message of the Earth Abyss Demon Tree. It also made her already weak life aura even weaker because of the backlash of her pet.

Right on the heels of that, her figure disappeared from the explosion like the Earth Abyss Demon Tree and died completely. Even the enemy’s Beast Tamer couldn’t be seen!

Until everything calmed down…

“It was directly killed?” Shi Yu and the others slowly walked over, and the gem cat asked.

“Wood-element strengthening talent. Boring. I looked forward to it for nothing.”

“I mean that tree. Didn’t it become an undead?”

“No…”

“Although it’s at the overlord level, it’s a monarch race at the overlord level. It’s too weak… It’s useless for it to become an undead puppet,” Shi Yu muttered.

It was all for nothing.

When the gem cat was at the overlord level, it had more than 50 million energy points. The two overlords Baby Ginseng had killed previously also had about 50 million. This 30 million was too weak, equivalent to the weakest overlord. It had no collection value at all.

Moreover, as a Beast Tamer, it was also professional ethics not to throw a pokeball at the pets of other Beast Tamers!

“Yi ~” In the hot ruins, Baby Ginseng straightened its hat and took root on the spot with a weak expression. It used the Earth Chain to recover its state. Just now, it used the Time Fruit to erupt, directly draining its state.

Although it was just a leaf, it had exhausted most of its energy. The profundity was the final explosion.

“You’ve changed,” the gem cat also muttered.

This kid wasn’t that little brat who had to have a bodyguard even when killing monarch-level undead in the Undead Battlefield.

“The pair just now should be from the Divine Tree Nation, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“Well, both pets and Beast Tamers,” the gem cat analyzed. “Moreover, that overlord should be an overlord who was given ‘special power’ by the controller of the Divine Tree Nation. Otherwise, how could that guy break through to the overlord level?”

“Ordinary Earth Abyss Demon Trees don’t have the habit of sucking blood, and this one seems to like sucking blood very much, and it likes to suck human blood very much. It’s probably the way it breaks through to overlord.”

The gem cat said, “Also, it’s quite ruthless to squeeze its contractor dry. That Beast Tamer’s life fluctuations are like candles that are about to be extinguished…”

It was completely using unorthodox methods to use Beast Tamers as a resource to break through the racial restrictions. Most high-level pets of totem countries had mastered such skills.

Shi Yu fell silent and said, “If I contracted an overlord-level pet in advance, would I become as weak as that woman?”

The gem cat grinned. “That’s not for certain. Even if you don’t contract in advance, you look pretty weak.”

“Tch.” Shi Yu shrugged.

His physique shouldn’t be something others could compare to… Probably.

Shi Yu came to Baby Ginseng’s side and handed it a level-seven energy crystal to accelerate its recovery.

At this moment, the gem cat said again, “Speaking of which, what was that move just now… No matter how weak that overlord is, under normal circumstances, it shouldn’t have been blown to pieces, right…”

“It’s the Sun Flame Flower. Baby Ginseng added the power of the Sun Flame Flower,” Shi Yu said.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng held the energy crystal and nodded!

On the top of Baby Ginseng’s head were ten ginseng leaves and a ginseng flower.

There were great tactics here. It stored the mutation power it had collected through its mutations.

For example, the ten ginseng leaves stored spatial power and were an important source of power to use the Anti-Buggy Energy Fruit in battle.

Among the ginseng flowers, Baby Ginseng was currently storing the legendary sun power from the Sun Flame Flower.

“Sun Flame Flower???” The gem cat was stunned and said, “Isn’t that Chi Tong’s resource?”

“Mi!!” The sword spirit pendant hanging on Shi Yu’s neck swayed. There were two, so it was fine to give one to Baby Ginseng.

As long as Baby Ginseng had more chances to revive, it would be fine as long as Baby Ginseng allowed it to eat it a bit…

Baby Ginseng: …

Shi Yu said, “My new idea is to let Baby Ginseng evolve again through the Sun Flame Flower.”

Moon Explosion was a method to use Moonlight Radiation to make plants explode, and Moonlight came from the sun. If Baby Ginseng could also mutate through sun-type resources, its self-destruction might be even stronger.

When it exploded, the sun and moon shone together!

The explosion of the sun was stronger than the explosion of the moon, right?