Chapter 667 - Shi Yu'S Mecha Form (4)

Did it not know how to cooperate!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Was it going to steal the kill?

Eleven wanted Baby Ginseng to cooperate with it, not eat the Time Fruit. As it slowly became stronger and perfected its consecutive moves, this thing became more and more difficult to use. It was better to use its specific eruption+Undying Golden Body+Impregnable to last longer and make smoother eruptions. After all, the overlord’s will combined with the Impregnable eruption might not be weaker than the enhancement of the Time Fruit.

After using the Time Fruit, the burden would easily overflow, preventing the Undying Golden Body from circulating and easily breaking. In Eleven’s opinion, the greatest effect of Baby Ginseng on it at this moment was if it followed Eleven’s lead. Every time it erupted, it would cooperate with the Undying Golden Body to replenish its state!!

Let it erupt infinitely!!!

“Yi!!!” Eleven was mumbling, but suddenly, Baby Ginseng’s shocked voice came. This was because after its attributes countered the bombardment, the Mountain Tortoise still maintained a powerful defense posture and it couldn’t completely break through its defense!!

The powerful life aura was still vigorous, as vigorous as a mountain. Moreover, its aura was still rising steadily. Clearly, it was relying on the power of the ground to last!!

Baby Ginseng immediately judged that this guy’s defense was probably stronger than that Earth Demon Ape!!

Although its current Moon Explosion proficiency was no longer at the entry level at that time, even at the currently stronger expert level, or even if it self-destructed, Baby Ginseng was a little hesitant about whether it could instantly kill this guy.

Unless this guy was willing to eat it, in which case it could enter the other party’s shell and self-destruct!

Of course, it couldn’t insta-kill it, though it could definitely heavily injure the other party and make it lose its ability to fight. However, the problem was that Baby Ginseng couldn’t self-destruct at the moment.

The thing that allowed Baby Ginseng to experience this guy’s terrifying physical fitness the most was when it fought the Earth Abyss Demon Tree previously, it didn’t absorb much of the Earth Abyss Demon Tree’s power through the “Nutrition Plunder” skill, but this guy’s strength was seemingly endless…

Originally, that blow just now was enough to make Baby Ginseng consume a lot of energy, but this inhalation successfully allowed Baby Ginseng to last a little longer.

On the ground, the rooted ginseng baby was just about to carry out the next round of attacks and bombard it with the Space Fruit, but it was immediately stopped by Eleven!

“Roar!!!”

Eleven showed an excited expression and roared, indicating that it would let Baby Ginseng assist it. It would fight!!

At this moment, seeing that the Time Overlord Baby Ginseng’s Energy Fruit was useless against this turtle, Eleven also hesitated if its multiple eruptions could break through its defense. However, compared to Baby Ginseng, it had an advantage!!

That was, mastering max-level deterrence could allow the attack to have mental attacks. This turtle couldn’t have shocking defense in all aspects, right?

Boom!!!

“Yi!!” As Baby Ginseng cried out, a white lightning flashed, and the hundred-meter-tall giant Eleven descended in front of the Mountain Tortoise, making the Mountain Tortoise in the shell fall silent… Come on!!

When the enemy was tired, it would slip away!

However, this time, the Mountain Tortoise didn’t wait for death. The mountain peak on its back gradually strengthened. Although its main body was still defending, the mountains on its back directly grew into mountain giants several meters tall!!

Super summoning skill!!!

Although their physiques were very small compared to Eleven, each of them had the strength of an overlord skill. From the aura of each summon, they were stronger than the Earth Abyss Demon Tree just now!!

The battle between the three parties was carried out at the same time.

At this moment, Shi Yu had the most people and chose the weakest opponent, or rather, an opponent with relatively average attributes in various aspects.

“Roar!!!” It had the same thought as the Mountain Tortoise. Because it wasn’t their home ground, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger didn’t want to fight at all. It didn’t want to fight this group of people who had attacked the Green Scaled Dragon’s territory at all.

It wasn’t slow either. However, what shocked the Ice-Eyed White Tiger was that it discovered that this space had already been completely locked!!

At this moment, they were already in a huge spatial cage, and the strength of this spatial wall only made the Ice-Eyed White Tiger know that it was very difficult for it to break through.

Among the three of them, probably only the green-scaled dragon with the full strength of the dragon vein had any hope of shattering it.

Although the gem cat didn’t join the battle, it still played a support role to prevent these overlords from escaping.

Otherwise, with just Shi Yu and the others, if these overlords wanted to escape, they might not necessarily be able to keep them.

It couldn’t escape…

Realizing this, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger looked at its enemy fiercely.

Mechanic class…

It was someone from the Seven Nation Alliance…

It clearly saw that the human had become the mechanical life form in front of it.

The white-haired young man who was originally standing on the mountaintop with glasses disappeared from its vision under the white cube that filled the sky as the other pets attacked the Green Scaled Dragon and the Mountain Tortoise.

In its place was a white cube that kept splitting and increasing. Under the entanglement of the substantialized green hurricane, it gradually formed a huge humanoid mecha 20 meters tall!!

The huge mecha’s entire body was white as the base. It had red and blue colors as support. Its limbs, head, and body had layers of mechanical devices.

Behind it were sixteen huge pairs of green light wings. Under the flickering of the light wings, the entire mountaintop turned into powder and disappeared in the strong wind. The huge body flew in the sky, and the gaze on its head had already completely locked onto the Ice-Eyed White Tiger.