Chapter 666 - Shi Yu'S Mecha Form (3)

Space Control, Space Rending Claw!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Boom!!!

The Green Scaled Dragon, the Mountain Tortoise, and the Ice-Eyed White Tiger were all shocked. They only felt a white light flash in front of their eyes. Then, their pupils constricted even more. Under this huge claw that could cut through space, the dragon breath wave instantly divided into two, erupting with a violent impact!!

Under the surging energy, the green divine dragon transformed by Buggy continued to fight the green-scaled dragon!!

“Roar!!! (Purebred overlord divine dragon, transcendent dragon might, you guys… pray for yourselves!!)”

The green-scaled dragon determined that this green divine dragon was difficult to deal with almost instantly. It actually had transcendent-level dragon might, just like it!

Moreover, its aura wasn’t much inferior to its own. This made the Green Scaled Dragon feel as if it was facing a great enemy, and it directly entered a battle state. It didn’t have the time to care about what the Mountain Tortoise and the Ice-Eyed White Tiger were thinking at the moment.

Almost instantly, Buggy’s Space Rending Giant Claw, a super spatial attack that even Eleven couldn’t withstand, tore apart the dragon breath and waved in front of the green-scaled dragon!!

As for the Green Scaled Dragon, it also waved its dragon claws!!!

“Roar!!! (Little brat, who are you looking down on!!!)”

However, it didn’t directly collide with Buggy. Instead, it staggered and directly endured this attack. Moreover, it also made Buggy directly suffer its attack!!

Exchanging injuries!!!

Boom!!!

Under the collision of the two terrifying dragon might, the sky cracked!!!

With just one attack, Buggy’s heart trembled. It felt that this guy was even harder than Eleven!!!

The moment the attack touched the other party’s scale, the terrifying dragon scale defense actually reversed the powerful impact, almost causing the Dragon of Imagination to collapse. This was… a super reverse scale with perfect proficiency!!

Moreover, it was definitely not as simple as just perfect level!

It must be the result of cultivating for a long time at this proficiency!!

At this moment, the Green Scaled Dragon’s eyes were already red as it entered a crazy reverse scale state.

After being attacked in its nest, it was the most furious. Under the enhancement of the power of the reverse scale, it allowed the dragon to erupt with power that far exceeded Buggy’s ordinary overlord power that needed the help of legendary equipment. However, in a confrontation, Buggy’s substantialized huge body couldn’t withstand the other party’s attack and was torn apart by the other party’s huge claw, smashing into the distance!!

“Ji!!!” Even though the phantom had endured most of the power and its main body was hidden well, the violent vibration still made Buggy scream.

[I can’t defeat it…] In an instant, Buggy realized that even if it used the legendary Dragon Ball to erupt with a totem attack, it definitely couldn’t insta-kill this guy in the other party’s territory.

A top-notch overlord, and a dragon-element overlord. This should be the most difficult opponent Shi Yu and the others had encountered apart from the weak Vortex Demon Beast.

After all, the Sky Penetrating Whale, which was also a top-notch overlord, could even fight a weak totem!

At the thought of this, Buggy’s eyes filled with tears as it understood. Shi Yu had sent it to be beaten up. From the start, Shi Yu had been thinking that when the time came, everyone would deal with the Green Scaled Dragon together. He didn’t expect it to win alone.

Buggy, who had the spatial element, was indeed the guy who could tangle with the other party the most.

“!!!!”

When Buggy started fighting, Eleven and Baby Ginseng also attacked together. Their target was the Mountain Tortoise!!

At this moment, the Mountain Tortoise no longer had the mood to care about the Green Scaled Dragon. It didn’t even have the intention to help the Green Scaled Dragon. The enemy clearly came prepared, and it was also a powerful overlord. It didn’t have the slightest desire to fight.

For this old turtle, this kind of useless battle was best avoided as much as possible. It chose to directly escape underground!!

However, Eleven and the others also had an Earth Escape skill. As huge vines grew out of the ground and wrapped around the Mountain Tortoise, its Earth Escape was directly interrupted and tied up by countless trees and thorns.

At that moment, Baby Ginseng, who had stimulated the power of the Time Fruit, arrived at the overlord level again and used plant control to restrict the other party’s movements!!

At the same time, energy fruits of various sizes appeared on the countless trees that wrapped and bound the Mountain Tortoise!!

On the ground in the distance, Baby Ginseng pulled the green leaf scarf and threw it down. The ginseng leaves fluttered in the wind.

Its green eyes were filled with fighting spirit.

Burial of the Trees!!!

Plant Control+Energy Fruit+Moon Explosion!!!

This time, Baby Ginseng only added pure wood-element energy and didn’t use the power of the Sun Flame.

Although the power of the Energy Fruit with the power of the Sun Flame was greater, all the legendary Sun Flame power stored just now had already been used to insta-kill the Earth Abyss Demon Tree. Baby Ginseng had already lost a drop.

In addition, because the opponent was pure earth-element, using pure wood-element moves to counter with attributes might not necessarily be worse than before.

Boom!!!

Fruits flickered with white and green light!!!

“Uh!!!! (I have no grudge with you…)” The Mountain Tortoise roared.

At the same time, because it was restrained by the thorns, it couldn’t break free for the time being. It simply gave up struggling and directly shrank its limbs and head into its body. Its body was tightly wrapped and immediately airtight!!

Come!!

Damn it!!

Its defense was even stronger than that green snake. Come on!!

The Mountain Tortoise chose to defend and directly entered a full-strength defense posture. It also activated a super defense skill with perfect proficiency. At the same time, it mobilized the natural power of the earth to strengthen itself.

Under the dazzling light, the Mountain Tortoise was buried in the sea of trees. In the sky not far away, Eleven, who had countless Bean Bears on its body, had a dissatisfied expression. It couldn’t interfere at all with Baby Ginseng fighting like this…