Chapter 664 - Shi Yu'S Mecha Form (1)

Green Scale Mountain Cave.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Green Scaled Dragon, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger, and the three brothers had already decided to seek refuge in the largest totem country nearby, the Dragonman Empire.

The humans in the Dragonman Empire were all hybrids. Being able to withstand their need for nutrients, they could provide them with more growth nutrients.

Beast Taming Contracts were two-way. When the Beast Tamer was strong enough, the Beast Tamer would occupy the dominant position and could forcefully control pets.

When a Beast Tamer wasn’t strong enough, the pet would dominate and use the Beast Tamer as nutrients for growth.

Of course, in the human countries, Beast Tamers and pets were still on equal footing in most situations.

In short, they were all overlords. No matter which totem country they went to, they would be guests…

“Not good, enemy attack!!!”

The green-scaled dragon smiled, but suddenly, its smile stopped. Its expression changed drastically as it sensed a spatial wave accompanied by a fatal threat!!

Boom!!!

The smiles of the other two overlords also stopped.

Boom!!!

Endless strong light gathered inside, and the mountain cave instantly collapsed and destroyed.

At this moment, the eyes of the three overlords were still filled with an incomprehensible expression. As the shock wave arrived, they quickly used defensive skills to protect themselves!!

“Roar (Damn it!!!)!!!” The Ice-Eyed White Tiger roared in anger!!!

Because in an instant, it had a premonition that it would be the most miserable of the three overlords in this enemy attack.

….

“Let’s shoot them first!”

Although the gem cat had said that there were three overlords, Shi Yu still couldn’t help but attack.

So be it. No matter how strong an overlord was, unless it was someone like the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s Giant Leviathan, it was definitely not the gem cat’s match.

Since he had a bodyguard, why not go crazy for once?

As long as he killed all of them, Chi Tong would have three overlord-level undead.

Such a configuration could even make a legend like Hua Xiajin, who only had one overlord, cry.

Of course, it was rare for him to touch the other party’s nest under the concealment of the gem cat without alarming any life form. Shi Yu didn’t have much honor here.

Instead, he directly used the energy fruits stored in Baby Ginseng’s laboratory for experiments to get Buggy to pack them up and teleport over to detonate them!

These Energy Fruits were Explosion Fruits of various attributes: Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, Wind, Thunder, Light, Darkness, and Space Poison. Their combined power was not small.

Of course, it was definitely not as strong as Baby Ginseng’s full-strength attack after eating the Time Fruit.

In the ruins space, Baby Ginseng didn’t dare to experiment with the overlord-level energy fruit yet, because if it wasn’t careful, it would blow itself up.

Also, this was even less powerful than Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction.

However, it was enough to greet and knock on the door to call the enemy out.

Boom!!!

Nine-colored black smoke and white light enveloped Green Scale Mountain, and the angry roars of three overlords came from inside!!

As a cold wind blew, a huge green-scaled dragon was the first to rush out of the explosive area and fly into the sky!!

The clouds rolled and howled from the clouds, as if a roaring dragon was churning in the clouds.

On its huge body that was dozens of meters long, the green-scaled dragon’s huge dragon eyes instantly locked onto Shi Yu and the others on another mountain.

At this moment, the gem cat had long run off to god knows where. Shi Yu, this human, naturally became the most conspicuous enemy in its vision.

< Name > Green Scaled Dragon

[Attributes]: Dragon

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 70,860,000

At the same time, Shi Yu also saw it and gasped hotly on the spot, increasing the speed of global warming. This energy value was indeed a top-notch overlord!!

Although it was a little inferior to the 87 million energy points of the Dragon Palace City Whale General and the mutated Giant Leviathan that was nearly 100 million energy points, this energy value was already higher than the energy of most overlords of Dragon Palace City.

Such a “real” dragon was actually raised in a small forbidden zone.

If it was just a simple high energy value, that would be fine. It was nothing, but looking at the age of this dragon, its skill proficiency was probably ridiculously high.

Moreover, Buggy could sense that there was a dragon vein underground. It was an environment with strong dragon-element energy. Perhaps this dragon could also borrow the power of the earth vein.

After all, this was its territory. The power that an overlord creature could display in its territory was multiplied. It was equivalent to borrowing the power of nature. Just as the cat said, it was not easy to fight at all!

Moreover, Shi Yu also discovered that this guy actually had the will of an overlord!!

In addition to the other two overlords, it was even harder to fight!

“Uh!!!!” In the next moment, a figure enlarged with a bang. In the ruins, a huge turtle more than ten meters tall with a rock texture all over its body, as if it was carrying a few small mountains, appeared with a furious voice.

< Name > Mountain Tortoise

[Attributes]: Earth

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 61,220,000

This huge turtle was similarly not weak. Under the explosion just now, neither it nor the green-scaled dragon suffered obvious injuries. There were only light injuries, which made Shi Yu, who was on the opposite mountain, excited.

If he could transform these two overlords into undead, even if their strength would be weakened after the transformation, they would definitely have the strength of an overlord race.