Chapter 661 - Undying Sun Ginseng (2)

“After this Beast Tamer’s talent has been plundered by you, do you still want to turn their pet into an undead and snatch it?” The gem cat curled its lips.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu said, “That depends on the strength of the pet. If it’s too weak, it’s not worth occupying the spatial position of the bone sword…”

“Damn it, you still look down on overlords.”

….

In the dark forest, a Beast Tamer in dark green ancient clothes hidden in complicated plants was sitting cross-legged on a tree, meditating with his eyes closed.

“Not enough, not enough, not enough!!!”

A violent, bloodthirsty, and low voice kept coming from the Beast Tamer’s heart.

“High-level Beast Tamers are rare individuals. We definitely won’t be able to encounter the next batch in the short term. Let me rest first, and then we’ll change places to hunt.”

This Beast Tamer’s face was pale and he looked very weak. From time to time, he would take out a pill from his clothes and place it in his mouth.

“Your recovery is too slow.”

Its voice was impatient, but suddenly, its tone changed.

“Eh? There’s movement? This is a supplement’s aura?”

A violent, bloodthirsty, and low voice sounded, stunning the Beast Tamer.

She opened her eyes. In the next moment, a fragrance slowly came to her. In an instant, she felt that her exhausted body had improved a lot.

This was very unbelievable, because she had contracted an overlord-level creature at level six. Her body had already been dragged down to less than five years of lifespan, and her body was constantly on the verge of collapse. In order to maintain her life, she had tried countless medicines, but the effect was very small.

But just an aura just now actually made her feel like her body had changed its vitality??

What exactly was it!

However, she still said cautiously, “Something’s wrong… This is the territory of the Green Scaled Dragon. It has always loved to eat nourishing spiritual fruits. How can a nourishing life form come here…”

“Cut the crap. It looks like its level isn’t low. Let’s catch it and split it.”

The violent voice sounded, making the Beast Tamer fall silent slightly. “If you continue to mess around with your overlord-level strength, we’ll all die. This is the border of Dong Huang. The Beast Tamers you eat are all from Dong Huang. There are countless people who can get rid of us over there.”

“You’re too careful.”

“Are you looking down on my overlord-level strength?!!” As its voice fell, the life figure that made them sense that something was wrong slowly appeared.

It was a ginseng baby about 0.3 meters tall in a white coat, a doctorate hat, and a green leaf scarf…

The appearance of this ginseng baby made the Beast Tamer and the mysterious voice who sensed its figure fall silent.

“Monarch level, ginseng baby??” The mysterious voice was shocked. It was completely new.

“Something’s wrong, this isn’t a wild ginseng baby!! Its clothes are from Dong Huang!!!”

However, at the same time, the female Beast Tamer’s vigilant mental voice instantly sounded.

In the next moment, the ground directly collapsed and cracked. Countless wooden spikes shot into the sky and bent towards this ginseng baby!!

Boom.

Underground, a huge tree demon rose from the ground, revealing a deep red single eye as it waved its bloodstained branches.

< Name > Earth Abyss Demon Tree

[Attributes]: Wood, Earth

[Race Level]: High-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 30.6 million

The Earth Abyss Demon Tree and the female Beast Tamer stared at the ginseng baby that had been pierced by the Earth Thorn. But not long after, their expressions changed drastically, because with a boom, the Earth Thorn that surrounded the cage was immediately torn into pieces, turning into messy fragments that bounced in all directions with a wind pressure!

Inside the Earth Spike, the ginseng baby that was attacked just now was not affected at all. There wasn’t even dust on its body.

At this moment, it was holding a sword-shaped leaf like a sword immortal, looking elegant!

The commotion just now was caused by it waving the sword leaf!

Boom!

A terrifying overlord-level might erupted from this ginseng baby.

The power of the Time Fruit was activated. The ginseng baby, which was originally at the monarch level in the other party’s eyes, instantly increased to the overlord level. The energy wave was at least twice that of this Earth Abyss Demon Tree.

Seeing this scene, the expressions of the Earth Abyss Demon Tree and the female Beast Tamer changed drastically again.

“Overlord-level ginseng baby, how is this possible!!!”

“Retreat!!”

They instantly had the same thought because everything was too ridiculous.

However, Baby Ginseng didn’t seem to want to give them this chance.

“Yi… (Anything is possible.)” Baby Ginseng’s expression was calm. The sword leaves created through plant control vibrated crazily in its hand, and from time to time, sword cries that tore through the air could be heard.

In the next moment, like a sword light that broke through the darkness, Baby Ginseng’s aura was like an unsheathed sharp sword. As Baby Ginseng hooked its finger, the sword leaf directly turned into a sword light with a light and slashed at the Earth Abyss Demon Tree.

Towering emperor, sword control technique!

“Why does this Baby Ginseng know how to attack!!!” The Earth Abyss Demon Tree was shocked.

Swoosh!

The fatal aura made the Earth Abyss Demon Tree’s entire body turn cold. At this moment, it still didn’t understand what was going on. However, with its wood-element strengthening talent, it no longer cared about anything. It directly hardened its entire body and resisted this attack!!

With a boom, the sword leaf hit the Earth Abyss Demon Tree and drew a sunken wound on its stomach. And because of the hardening existence, half of the sword leaf was directly stuck on the Earth Abyss Demon Tree’s body, making it unable to take another step forward.