Chapter 663 - Undying Sun Ginseng (4)

If only Baby Ginseng could master the nuclear fusion ability of the sun…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, the Sun Flame Flower was a legendary fire-element resource after all, and Baby Ginseng was a wood-element resource. Such a reverse-element mutation was definitely very dangerous. Therefore, at the moment, Shi Yu was letting Baby Ginseng experience and adapt through this method.

In fact, he had already adapted most of the time. He wasn’t prepared previously, but now, Baby Ginseng’s revival skill had already cooled down. When he found an opportunity, he might be able to let Baby Ginseng try using the Sun Flame Flower as a mutated resource.

If it succeeded, it would be the Undying Sun Ginseng.

Even if it failed, it could still revive.

Not only could the Time Mark be used to self-destruct, but it could also be used to bet on mutations!

“Is it reliable?” The gem cat’s eyelids twitched. The last time, the fact that you let Baby Ginseng absorb the power of death was already unreliable. This time, you still want Baby Ginseng to absorb the legendary sun power to evolve??

He really wasn’t afraid that Baby Ginseng would die.

It was as if he thought everything would be fine since it could revive…

“Yiya.” Baby Ginseng wiped its tears. If not for the sake of being first in the team, which wood-element plant would be willing to absorb the power of fire?

….

Next, Shi Yu and the others searched. In the end, the gem cat discovered the traces of the Green Scaled Dragon.

The place where they were fighting just now was actually the edge of the Green Scaled Dragon’s territory. As Shi Yu and the others infiltrated and discovered many Green Scaled Snakes, they understood that they had already entered the other party’s territory.

The Green-scaled Snakes were commander species creatures, while the Green-scaled Flood Dragons were low-level overlord species creatures. They were the overlords of this forbidden zone. They were at the top of the food chain in the form of races, commanding other weak races.

“Yi!!!” After returning home, Baby Ginseng was extremely excited. Yes, it was these guys!!!

However, although Baby Ginseng was excited, the gem cat’s expression was a little troubled. “Are you sure you want to provoke this guy?”

It stood on the same mountain as Shi Yu and looked at another mountain. It said, “Although I can only sense it from afar, I can roughly confirm that this guy is on a completely different level from that Earth Abyss Demon Tree and that Heavenly Cloud Tiger. It’s very likely a top-notch overlord.”

In the gem cat’s opinion, even if Shi Yu and the others worked together to fight a top-notch overlord, it would be very difficult. At that time, it would most likely still need its help.

“Top-notch overlord?” Shi Yu was stunned. “Are you sure?”

“In any case, the aura is very strong,” the gem cat said. “The places where overlords live all year round will have their deterrence and reflect their strength. It’s also a warning to the enemy.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s good to be a top-notch overlord. It’s meaningless to fight ordinary overlords. Why don’t we use a top-notch overlord to test Eleven and the others’ strength? In any case, there’s still you…”

Gem Cat: “! @#% #¥@¥”

“I’m not done!!!” the gem cat said. “Moreover, from the situation over there, there shouldn’t be just one overlord, but three!!”

The gem cat said, “I sensed the aura of three overlords from that side. The other two shouldn’t be stronger than the Green Scaled Dragon, but they’re definitely not weak. They won’t be weaker than that Heavenly Cloud Tiger!!”

“Three? It’s already good enough that these overlords don’t fight for territory, why are they still gathered together? Are they playing together?”

Green Scale Mountain.

In the Green Scaled Dragon’s territory, apart from the Green Scaled Dragon, there were indeed two overlords. One of them was the Ice-Eyed White Tiger, and the other was the Mountain Tortoise.

The incomparably huge Green Scaled Dragon circled around the rock and stared at the two overlords below. “Have the two of you already decided?”

“I’ve decided.”

“In any case, I don’t have much lifespan left. I might as well give it a try.”

The Mountain Tortoise and the Ice-Eyed White Tiger roared. During this period of time, the overlords of the forbidden zone of the Lost World often received invitations from the totem countries. The conditions promised by the totem countries to join were getting higher and higher. Apart from level-eight resources, there would also be humans as blood food and nutrients for growth.

Compared to the totem country and the human countries, the wild overlords without factions were originally the weaker side. They didn’t rely on any faction because they were used to freedom, but this time, it was unusual.

This time, the World Tree allowed the totem country to participate in the World Tournament. Most of the totem countries had been invited to the World Tournament. If they joined the totem country, they would have the chance to obtain high-level resources and human blood food to participate in the World Tournament and change their fate. For some wild overlords, it was quite a temptation.

After all, the habitat of the World Tree had a large number of mythical and legendary ruins that could change one’s fate. It was no longer a secret. In the mouths of humans, this was a world competition, but for the totem country, this was the battle for the ruins mystic realm!

“Haha, then the three of us brothers will fight together!!” The green-scaled dragon laughed.

The Mountain Tortoise said, “Hahaha, good, unfortunately, if only we had another bird-type brother. At that time, we can get a combination of the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise!”