Chapter 669 - Shi Yu'S Mecha Form (6)

The Ice-Eyed White Tiger used a large-scale skill. It was difficult for the mecha to dodge, so it could only take it head-on. Fortunately, the max-level snowstorm jointly created by Susu and Ling severely weakened the snowstorm controlled by the Ice-Eyed White Tiger.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although as an overlord, it was extremely sensitive to the control of natural power, its opponent was a freak who had mastered the full-level Blizzard skill and was also extremely sensitive to natural power!

Hu!!!

Most of the power of the Ice Crystal Storm’s natural enhancement was offset, but the powerful destructive power of the Perfect Level Proficiency super skill still made the ice crystals like sharp blades that swallowed the body.

Boom!

At this moment, the huge body burned with Sun Flame. Under the entanglement of the green whirlwind, the Sun Flame wrapped around the entire body. When the ice crystal swept over, it was first melted by the Sun Flame. Then, it came into contact with Ling’s protective mechanism, “Turning Misfortune into Luck”, which directly absorbed the frost power into its body.

Under the burden that the body could withstand, it didn’t activate the skill effect to injure itself. Instead, Susu in the mecha converted this power for its own use through the control of the water element.

At the same time, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger also faced the fatal threat of the “Cross Interlocking Sword Pressure”. The ice crystal storm in front was directly shattered by the cross slash. This power was not something it could resist head-on…

“Roar!!!”

The Ice-Eyed White Tiger roared. Its body tried its best to move, but it realized that it was already wrapped in layers of deterrence. It was extremely angry. It was angry that as the king of beasts, it was actually still stunned by the deterrence of the enemy. As the patterns on its body appeared, a dazzling light bloomed from its eyes!!

At this point, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger directly used its trump card skill, Absolute Zero!!

Skill: Absolute Zero

< Introduction > It’s a super skill of both ice and spirit. It creates the Ice Sealing Domain and freezes energy flow and mental activity!

If it wanted to use this move to the greatest extent, it would consume its life. However, it couldn’t care less now. A shocking cold light erupted in the Ice-Eyed White Tiger’s eyes. At this moment, the interlocking sword light that the Ice-Eyed White Tiger had attacked previously seemed to have stopped moving and entered a huge ice-sealing domain.

At the same time, Shi Yu’s super body was pulled into the frozen domain. In this domain, all objects were instantly frozen. Even layers of frost instantly appeared on Shi Yu’s super body.

This skill was like a sure hit, quickly reversing the situation.

Swoosh!!!

The intertwined sword light slowly advanced, and the figure of the Ice-Eyed White Tiger had already appeared in front of Shi Yu. It successfully dodged the fatal attack and hit the mecha’s head with its frost claws. The expression on its tiger head was violent.

In its opinion, this should be the fatal weakness of this life form, right?

The Ice-Eyed White Tiger’s gaze was cruel, but in the next moment, its violent expression stopped.

“Are you underestimating the mental reaction speed of a top-notch intelligence?”

In that instant, be it Shi Yu, Chi Tong, or Susu, all their thoughts seemed to have slowed down. However, Ling was not affected. The computational reaction speed brought by its top-notch intelligence exceeded that of a supercomputer, allowing it to have the top battle awareness at all times.

In the Ice-sealing Domain, any movements of the Ice-Eyed White Tiger were within its calculations.

Bang!!!

The bone sword wrapped in Sun Flame swung over and directly slashed at the Ice-Eyed White Tiger. Under the sharpness of the legendary weapon, its body was directly divided into two…

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger’s body and soul let out a heart-wrenching roar under its shocked gaze.

Seeing this, the gem cat stopped its extended cat claws and looked at the soul of the Ice-Eyed White Tiger with a burning gaze. It was absorbed by the huge bone sword. It was a spirit body identical to the Ice-Eyed White Tiger, but its entire body emitted a dark blue cold aura…

Absolute Zero!!

This was also an ice-element super ultimate move. Although it wasn’t as powerful as the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, it was not bad. Shi Yu felt that it was a pity that there weren’t enough skill slots.

At the moment, he had already recorded a lot of super skills. He couldn’t even bear to replicate the Tyrant Dragon’s Earth Domain to teach Baby Ginseng. He only replicated the Duck’s Heart Strike and taught it to every main pet.

Next, before he broke through, contracted a new pet, or could delete super skills, Shi Yu’s record of super skills should be very strict and carefully selected.

The remaining slots were still reserved for the stage of the World Tournament. At the very least, they had to leave a slot for the Blessing of the World Tree. They couldn’t add any more skills.

“Also, why are you aiming at the head?” Shi Yu knew that the ferocious beasts would definitely like to hit the head of the mecha and the heart of the mecha.

He chuckled.

As expected, it was right to deliberately let Ling build the cockpit at the butt to avoid the core impact.

Even if their heads were blown up, they would be fine!

….

After Shi Yu finished dealing with the Ice-Eyed White Tiger, he immediately looked at the other two battlefields.

On Baby Ginseng and Eleven’s side, Baby Ginseng finally chose to support Eleven. However, wasn’t this turtle a little too tough…

First, it erupted manually and forced itself into an extreme state. After dealing with the Mountain Giant created by the Mountain Tortoise, Eleven began to attack the old turtle’s main body with the eruption of Impregnable+Overlord Will.

“Roar!!!” But under the huge hammer that shook the ground, although the tortoise shell was already covered in cracks, it was still as firm as a rock, and the cracks were still continuing to repair.