Chapter 665 - Shi Yu'S Mecha Form (2)

This was unlike the previous lousy tree with 30 million energy points, whose strength was not strong to begin with. It relied on the evil path to break through. If it turned into an undead, it probably wouldn’t have much battle power left. It might not even be able to defeat Ji Feng’s pet. It would only waste the power of the bone sword for nothing.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But these two were completely worth it.

Of course, their battle power would probably be several times higher than that monarch race’s Earth Abyss Demon Tree.

“Roar!!!” At the same time, a huge white tiger with ice-blue patterns all over its body and ice-blue eyes came out. It was also nearly ten meters long, and the deterrence strength was only inferior to the dragon might of the green-scaled dragon. However, the injuries on its body were… the most serious among the three overlords!

< Name > Ice-Eyed White Tiger

[Attributes]: Ice

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 62,740,000

At this moment, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger was extremely furious and felt extremely aggrieved.

Because in the face of the sudden attack just now, the Green Scaled Dragon was strong enough and could mobilize the power of the dragon vein here to strengthen itself. It could naturally withstand it at a lighter price.

As for the Mountain Tortoise, it was not difficult for it to instantly mobilize the power of the earth to strengthen itself between the mountains. In addition, the Mountain Tortoise was known for its defense, so only the Ice-Eyed White Tiger was injured.

Its territory was the Snow Realm. Fighting here would undoubtedly weaken its battle power a lot.

“The wild overlords abroad are indeed stronger than the wild overlords in the seven countries.”

Seeing these three overlords, Shi Yu had already confirmed using the Heavenly Cloud Tiger of the Seven Islands and the Prediction Owl of Imperial Capital University.

These three were undoubtedly much stronger than they looked. Among them, with a lower race, this white tiger even had stronger strength than the Heavenly Cloud Tiger!

Although this big cat was still lousy.

“Roar!!! (Human, courting death!!!)”

In the distant sky, the green-scaled dragon was the first to roar in anger. Green light immediately condensed in its mouth, and an ear-piercing sonic boom appeared around the green light.

With a boom, a huge dragon breath that looked like a dragon instantly opened its huge claws and attacked Shi Yu and the others.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already issued battle arrangements to every pet beside him. The telepathy transmission was completed in an instant.

[Ling, Chi Tong, Susu, the three of you, deal with that white tiger with me.]

[Eleven, Baby Ginseng, the two of you, deal with that big turtle.]

[Buggy, I’ll leave this dragon to you!]

[Let’s see who can defeat the opponent first.]

[Buggy: ??????]

[Buggy: Didn’t we agree to let Baby Ginseng fight the overlord of its hometown???]

[Baby Ginseng: Wu wu wu, I changed my mind. This guy is stronger than I imagined. As expected of my childhood trauma… Buggy, all the best. When you defeat it, I’ll defeat you in the future. That’s equivalent to me defeating it.]

[Buggy: ??]

[Shi Yu: Believe in yourself. You’re the number one in the team. This time, you can mobilize the power of the legendary Dragon Ball to a greater extent. In a battle of the same race, the other party still has the will of an overlord. This is a very good opportunity for you to train yourself.]

[If you can’t defeat it, there’s no need to defeat it. As long as you stall until we finish the other two overlords, if we still have the strength, we’ll help you.]

[If we don’t have any spare energy, let Teacher Gem Cat help you…]

“…” Buggy sighed, but then its battle intent rose. Shi Yu, its Beast Tamer, had handed the strongest enemy to it!!

Even Eleven had to team up to fight, while he could take charge and deal with the strongest opponent!!

Legendary Dragon Ball!!

This was the key to Shi Yu letting Buggy fight the Green-scaled Flood Dragon alone. The legendary Dragon Ball was more useful to Buggy than the Time Fruit.

The current Time Fruit could at most raise Buggy to the ordinary overlord level. Moreover, the side effects were huge. After a few battles, Buggy would collapse from the overload.

However, with the legendary Dragon Ball and the Dragon of Imagination skill, Buggy could increase its energy level to 100 million at most. At the same time, with the corresponding strength of its dragon body, it wasn’t difficult to unleash a totem attack.

Of course, this was a one-time use.

It wasn’t that the Dragon Ball couldn’t take it, but that if it exceeded this limit, Buggy couldn’t take it.

The conventional usage method was the way Buggy used the legendary Dragon Ball to train daily. It only raised its energy level to about 50 million. This way, it could maintain its battle state for a long time and wouldn’t affect anything.

Buggy usually relied on this state to train its Dragon of Imagination skill proficiency for the team meeting to defeat Eleven.

Of course, against this green-scaled dragon, its conventional state was definitely not enough. Even if the green-scaled dragon didn’t mobilize the power of the dragon vein, it would be difficult.

Therefore, its only way out was to overload the Dragon Ball and raise its energy level and physical level to the same level as the Green Scaled Dragon. Then, through powerful accompanying moves, it could deal with it!

Although it was still very difficult for it to withstand it at its current level, it was at least qualified to fight.

“Roar!!!” When the green-scaled dragon’s dragon breath condensed, Buggy on Shi Yu’s shoulder also moved. It directly turned into a huge green divine dragon phantom, and its entire body was wrapped in a powerful dragon might as it soared into the sky!!

The light on its dragon claws became stronger and stronger. In the blink of an eye, its strength and speed suddenly erupted. Under the drive of Psychic power, its huge body tore straight at the incoming dragon breath!!