Chapter 660 - Undying Sun Ginseng (1)

Shi Yu and the others didn’t stop in White Mountain Town. Instead, they directly teleported into the Lost World forbidden zone and smuggled out of the country!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The complicated natural environment here was like a maze, and the interior was extremely dangerous. Even if a legend stepped in, there was a chance of death, so it was called Lost World.

Now, the place where Shi Yu and the others were was a dark forest that was difficult to see through. The huge trees were all dozens of meters tall, and the atmosphere was extremely oppressive. From time to time, the roars of ferocious beasts would come from the surroundings.

At the moment, Eleven and the other six pets were all outside, hanging on Shi Yu scatteredly. It was difficult to discover them without careful observation.

For example, Eleven was lying in his pocket, like Chi Tong, who was hanging in front of his chest like a sword-shaped accessory.

Among them, Ling had even turned into a pair of glasses through the Hundred Transformations skill. Shi Yu put it on his face and it cooperated with him to observe the situation in all directions.

Due to the speciality of the Mechanic class, the glasses that Ling had turned into had number one reconnaissance ability in Shi Yu’s team.

Shi Yu could clearly see the changes in all directions with himself as the center through the glasses and super vision skill.

Through this method, they could also avoid getting lost to the greatest extent… and avoid some meaningless battle consumption.

“Baby Ginseng, we’re not there yet?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yi!! (I don’t know, I, we seem to be lost…)” Baby Ginseng stuck its head out.

As expected! It had forgotten the way home!

Shi Yu slapped his forehead. It was unrealistic to expect Baby Ginseng to lead the way. At that time, it was only an transcendent-level supplement. Then, it was brought out by Grandma Li. How could it know the way inside!

During the process of passing through the forbidden zone, Shi Yu and the others also wanted to pass by Baby Ginseng’s hometown.

Firstly, he wanted Baby Ginseng to return home in glory, and secondly, he wanted to find an undead puppet for Chi Tong.

Regarding the undead puppet, Shi Yu and the others’ first goal was the overlord of Baby Ginseng’s hometown, the Green Scaled Dragon.

Baby Ginseng still had a fresh memory of this guy. Although it had never met the Green Scaled Dragon directly, Baby Ginseng had often heard of the ferocious name of the Green Scaled Dragon.

The Green Scaled Dragon liked to let its subordinates collect various spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits to enjoy. Many supplements that Baby Ginseng knew were captured because of this. If it weren’t for the fact that it was lousy at that time and had to be fattened up before being killed, it would probably have already become a meal.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng expressed its childhood trauma.

“Wuu!!” “Wu!!” “Mi!!”

Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong made Baby Ginseng calm down. When the time came, they would attack together. Whatever Green Scaled Dragon or Dark God Chicken this was, they would all become undead.

“Yi! (I’ll try it myself first. If I can’t defeat it, you guys attack!)”

Baby Ginseng chuckled. If it could self-destruct, Baby Ginseng was a little confident, but if it couldn’t self-destruct, so it still felt that it was a little dangerous.

And a trump card like self-destruction… naturally couldn’t be left to the green-scaled dragon.

Shi Yu and the others already had an idea where to use this revival…

“Let’s search again and see if we’re lucky… Well, wait.”

As Shi Yu walked, he suddenly frowned and discovered the mess in the distance.

It was as if a huge battle had happened not long ago and it had already become ruins.

They rushed over and saw a place filled with corpses and dark red blood.

There were human corpses and pet corpses here. Of course, they were already almost gone. Mostly eaten.

“It should be a Beast Tamer from Dong Huang who came here to take the risk,” Shi Yu said. “He died in the past two days.”

“It wasn’t done by wild ferocious beasts. It was done by human Beast Tamers.” At this moment, the gem cat that was yawning in the alternate space appeared. Its gem eyes seemed to be able to see the past and the future.

It said, “We’re already considered to have gone deep into the forbidden zone. This is the border between Dong Huang and the totem area. These Beast Tamers who came here to explore might die in the hands of ferocious beasts, or they might die in the hands of the Beast Tamers in the totem area.”

“After all, entering this place is a matter of life and death. Even if you die, no one will investigate.”

“I’ve already discovered that person. The other party isn’t far away.” The gem cat looked into the distance.

Shi Yu said, “What level?”

“Ah, how should I put it?” the gem cat said. “The Beast Tamer should be at level six, but the pet is at the overlord level.”

Shi Yu was stunned. “A contract above their level?”

“Yes.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded. Pets relied on squeezing out the life potential of Beast Tamers to grow. It was an old tradition in the totem country.

“Then let’s go over there and take a look.” Shi Yu revealed an expectant expression.

“What?” the gem cat said. “You want to take revenge for this group of people?”

Shi Yu grinned and said, “That’s not it. Be it here or there, they should have been prepared to die before entering such a place. I’m just going to check on their Beast Taming Talent. You’ve reminded me that when I reach the totem area, I can also find suitable Beast Taming Talents.”

Shi Yu was quite open-minded about this kind of thing. Humans hunted ferocious beasts, and ferocious beasts hunted humans. In his opinion, it was quite normal for the seven countries and the totem country to fight for resource territories. He wasn’t an ideal and great young man. The benefits of himself, the people, pets, and factions related to him were the greatest.

For example, pursuing world peace and equal life was impossible.

“You brat.” The gem cat recalled that Shi Yu had told it that apart from the Awakening Mirror, he had also obtained a talent bead created by a Yue Maiden that could replicate the Beast Taming Talent from An Chang. Therefore, Shi Yu had even asked the gem cat to protect An Chang in Ancient Capital University.