Chapter 668 - Shi Yu'S Mecha Form (5)

Although its body was in the form of a human, its head had the characteristics of the sheep race. Under the contrast of the white Kirin Horn, its entire face looked like a white demon.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Come on, kitty.”

In the mecha cockpit, Shi Yu smiled. Ling had fused with it through the full-level loading skill.

At this moment, Shi Yu was like this huge mecha. He felt the powerful strength and broad vision very happily.

This feeling of being one with the wind was a new feeling compared to possessing Chi Tong!

Now, this was the prototype of the Ling Mecha form. At the moment, it wasn’t perfect, because it couldn’t perfectly integrate the powers of Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Susu.

It wasn’t that it couldn’t be forcefully fused, but the fusion wasn’t perfect. The enhancement was too small. For an intelligent life form like Ling, a trace of imperfection wasn’t considered a success.

But now, he could make do with it.

“Chi Tong, possess me!!”

“Susu, enter full power!!”

As Shi Yu gave the order, Susu, who was connected to mechanical equipment in the energy room in the mecha, opened its blue eyes.

At the same time, in the weapon room, Chi Tong took the initiative to open the door and integrate.

With a boom, the blue and red patterns on the huge white body lit up at the same time!!

The huge white sword in the white body’s hand instantly lingered with cold air and water that froze time!!

The white sword in the other arm revealed its original appearance. It was a bone sword, a legendary undead resource bone sword after enlarging!!

Hot Sun Flame power instantly spread on the bone sword!!

At the same time, the mecha’s red and blue eyes lit up!

At this moment, the formation of this super body undoubtedly created a huge pressure on the Ice-Eyed White Tiger.

Although it didn’t participate in the totem battle 200 years ago, it had also heard from its elders how the human Mechanic class expelled those insufferably arrogant totem overlords from the areas with the richest resources.

At this moment, sensing the powerful pressure of this body, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger regretted coming to this place to discuss joining the Dragonman Empire with the Green Scaled Dragon and the Mountain Tortoise.

If they joined the Dragonman Empire, they would definitely fight the humans of the seven countries in Inatena. If the opponents of the seven countries were all such humans, the chances of them achieving their goal would probably be very slim.

“This guy.” Not to mention the Ice-Eyed White Tiger that had never seen the world, even the gem cat that had seen the world was completely stunned when it saw Shi Yu, Chi Tong, Ling, and Susu transform into this form.

When…

What had Shi Yu and the others done in the past two months?

Initially, the gem cat still felt that even if Shi Yu and the others attacked together, they wouldn’t be able to defeat the green-scaled dragon.

However, as Shi Yu piloted this super body to appear, the gem cat was silent for a moment. As a totem level, it could clearly sense that the potential this super body could erupt with posed a greater threat to it than Buggy, who had used the legendary Dragon Ball.

Perhaps there was no need for it to help. The current Shi Yu already had the qualifications to fight a top-notch overlord…

In fact, could this ridiculous crazy action of controlling six monarch-level pets to challenge three overlords with the strength of a top-notch master really succeed?

The gem cat was stunned. If it succeeded, this guy would be a monster in name…

At the thought that it might be able to slack off, the gem cat was especially happy.

“Roar!!!”

At the same time, realizing that it couldn’t leave, the Ice-Eyed White Tiger could only choose to fight. A biting cold snowstorm blew in the sky. In a place without a snow realm, its strength was undoubtedly severely restricted. However, it was also an overlord with extraordinary strength after all. Through changing the weather, it still revealed its fangs as the king of beasts!!

….

….

Green Scale Mountain.

An unprecedented battle was taking place on the three battlefields.

There was no doubt about the scale of the overlord battle.

As challengers above their level, Shi Yu and the others were at a disadvantage. They could only challenge through fighting with more numbers or borrowing the power of legendary resources.

In the snowstorm, Shi Yu’s white body had already collided with the Ice-Eyed White Tiger for the first time!!

[4: 54]

As a driver, Shi Yu could clearly see the stable duration of their bodies in this state as estimated by Ling’s top-notch intelligence.

Under normal circumstances, there was only five minutes. If Susu activated the power of time and Chi Tong used the Interlocking Sword to undergo an overload eruption, this time would even accelerate and shorten. The true limit was probably only one to two minutes.

However… it was enough.

At that moment, with Shi Yu and Ling as carriers, Chi Tong and Susu, who had combined into the eruption of the dual sword style profundities, could already erupt with their fusion sword skills to the greatest extent without any worries.

Skill: Interlocking Sword.

< Introduction > It can absorb and fuse the power of the outside world. The more conflict this power has with the power of fire, the greater the increase in the power of the sword.

Under the dual sword skill of water and fire and under the transformation of Chi Tong’s Myriad Sword Convergence and Susu’s time power, Shi Yu and Ling shared a certain burden. The current super body’s battle power was also fully deserving of being a top-notch overlord!!

“Roar!!!”

The biting red and blue sword light was enough to split mountains and crush the huge white tiger. The snowstorm in the sky also turned into an ice crystal storm that attacked the huge body from three directions.