Chapter 678 - Shi Yu Vs Fox God

Moon God Fox Holy Land.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, the pet egg on the Starry Sky Altar was absorbing the faint golden light.

Under the illumination of the faint golden light, the white and purple-striped pet egg continued to emit a halo.

Shi Yu remembered that the last time he was on the Seven Islands, the starlight that connected the altar to the starry sky seemed to be white.

And this time, it turned pale gold.

What was the science behind this?

Both Shi Yu and the gem cat were very curious.

Unfortunately, they didn’t have much research on the power of the starry sky. Even Susu, who had mastered the Star Sea skill, couldn’t analyze what was going on with this starlight.

“Forget it, I’ll just follow the inheritance left behind by the Space Emperor.”

Shi Yu gave up on researching. Instead of wasting time on this, it was better to continue researching telepathy.

In the two months of bitter cultivation in Icefield City, the increase in physique was not what Shi Yu cared about the most in the past two months.

What concerned him the most was the other changes in his body after he ate the Undying Fruit, which increased his soul power!

After his soul power increased, he felt that his telepathy talent was more useful.

Using Baby Ginseng and Ling’s description, it was just an ordinary conversation when Shi Yu used telepathy to talk to them previously.

However, recently, Shi Yu had used telepathy to talk to them. It was as if the power of the heart could touch their hearts like invisible hands.

It was as if Shi Yu’s spiritual power had materialized.

This discovery surprised Shi Yu.

At the moment, in the world, the highest record for Beast Tamers with the gift of telepathy was level eight. The records regarding level-seven telepathy and level-eight telepathy after level six were quite comprehensive.

They had only expanded the range of their telepathy. There were no other special changes. A situation like the one Shi Yu’s pet sensed didn’t exist at all.

Shi Yu tried using the mechanical Tyrant Dragon and the Duckbill Beast again. Unfortunately, they didn’t experience the same feeling as Baby Ginseng and the others.

This made Shi Yu certain that only the six pets he had contracted could sense the change in his telepathy talent.

This speciality was like a Beast Tamer with a “fire-element strengthening talent”. The strengthening power could only be added to the pet he contracted.

[After the soul power is strengthened, it can allow the telepathy talent to undergo some special changes.]

Of course, this enhancement was probably not something that simple pet feedback strengthening could do.

Otherwise, the Spirit Medium Beast Tamer who had contracted many undead would have long discovered this change.

Obviously, the Undying Fruit’s strengthening of Shi Yu’s soul power was very huge.

Right on the heels of that, the strengthened soul power and telepathy produced some unknown changes.

For Shi Yu, this novel thing was completely worth spending time exploring. In any case, he was free while waiting for the cooldown time and the hatching of the pet egg.

Shi Yu sat in the holy land of the Moon God Fox and meditated, his imagination running wild.

“We can try to develop the telepathy talent…”

“Ordinary Fusion Talents can only fuse with one pet. Ordinary telepathy Talents can only talk to life, but Emperor Wu’s Fusion Talent can fuse with multiple pets. As for the archeologists of Bureau 11, not only can they talk to living creatures, but they can also listen to the voice of everything.”

“Every Beast Taming Talent is definitely not as simple as it looks. As the individual is different, as the Beast Tamer develops deeper, it’s possible to develop new usage methods or even mutate.”

“I ate a Mythical resource, and after I die, I can even become a totem-level undead. Then, it’s impossible for me to not change at all when I’m alive. The Undying Fruit is already slowly strengthening my soul power… And such strengthening clearly caused some mutations in my telepathy talent!”

“According to the description of Baby Ginseng and the others, it was an ordinary conversation previously, but now, it’s like I’m using both hands and a mouth? It feels real?”

Just from this description, Shi Yu had many thoughts…

At the moment, apart from the pets he contracted, other pets like the Tyrant Dragon and the Duckbill Beast couldn’t experience this feeling. But, as he developed his telepathy, was it possible for them and even the pets contracted by others to experience it?

Generally speaking, telepathy was not mandatory. Only when one’s life opened their mind could they communicate. For example, when some Beast Tamers fought Beast Tamers with telepathy talent, no matter what opponent they fought, they would seal their pets’ and their own minds to avoid external interference.

They only retained the right to communicate telepathically with their pet and tried to concentrate the most.

Therefore, Shi Yu was wondering if it was possible for his telepathy to ignore the other party’s mental seal and forcefully enter the communication space to apply his thoughts to the other party.

It could even imitate the telepathy of the Beast Tamer of the other party’s pet and give the wrong fatal command to the pet?

If this could be done, Shi Yu felt that it would be very annoying. In high-level battles, an instant of absent-mindedness was almost fatal.

Of course, Shi Yu felt that this kind of “dirty trash talk” battle method was meaningless. It didn’t match his handsome style at all.

He was still wondering if there were any other ways to train telepathy into a battle talent apart from this method.