Chapter 672 - Obtaining Six Overlord-Level Puppets (2)

“How nice.” The gem cat couldn’t help but be envious.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This looked much cooler than a clone.

“Mi ~!!!!” In the sky, Chi Tong was also asking excitedly and happily.

Therefore, when was the next team meeting to be held? Otherwise, it might as well be now.

“Wuu…”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and the others looked at the sky.

Damn it.

Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were the most envious. Now, not only did Susu and Ling have followers, Chi Tong also had them.

Moreover, they were three overlord-level sidekicks. This was too strong.

Previously, it was extremely difficult for Shi Yu and the others to take down these three overlords together. And with the help of the gem cat, they had all become Chi Tong’s puppets.

A long time ago, Chi Tong could rely on a big boss to lead the team to kill undead and farm experience to level up.

Why were there more big bosses now? Damn it.

“Mi ~” Chi Tong chuckled. Of course, for Chi Tong, it felt that there was a flaw.

Although it could form the Four Undead Holy Beasts with them, in its aesthetic sense, these three overlords weren’t the most perfect.

It didn’t put them at the same level as the mechanical Tyrant Dragon and the Duckbill Beast at all. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have erased the other party’s mind so readily.

In Chi Tong’s opinion, it was impossible for Shi Yu to take these three guys in as members of the second team.

Only undead puppets that could qualify as members of the second team were worthy undead puppets.

In Chi Tong’s aesthetic sense, it wanted an overlord-level frost dragon undead. It would be best if its energy level when it was alive was above 80 million. Only then could it recreate General Mu Huiyin’s lineup.

Of course, it was referring to other frost dragons. It definitely had no intention of offending Mother Dragon.

Moreover, a lackey without intelligence was slightly lacking…

Of course, if there was a better choice, it would also happily accept it! For example, the ginseng baby undead.

“Clean up the battlefield. Let’s go. We’ve been delayed for a day. It’s time to set off.”

Shi Yu looked at the messy battlefield and took a deep breath.

“Let’s go, let’s go. It’s a pity about these corpses.” The gem cat looked at the bodies of the three overlords.

Most of their strength had been extracted by the bone sword and given to the corresponding spirit body, so they could no longer plunder high-level resources from them. Unfortunately.

However, although it couldn’t be sold for much, it could still recover some HP!!

The gem cat planned to put away these resources and sell them when it returned.

However.

Shi Yu said, “It’s not a pity, not a pity. Buggy, quickly put it away.”

The gem cat: “?”

Buggy: !

Shi Yu said, “The corpses of three overlords are also good stuff. Although they can’t be sold anymore, the corresponding physical strength is still preserved.”

“That tiger might be a little weak, but it’s not a problem for the Mountain Suppressing Tortoise and the Green Scaled Dragon to beat up ordinary monarchs with their physical strength alone.”

“Moreover, the overlord-level body should still have a trace of affinity with the power of nature. Let Buggy use the worm silk parasitic thread to repair it with the ginseng baby. Just with the physical strength and the power of nature, the battle power of the three physical puppets might be able to be on par with that Earth Abyss Demon Tree! It’s worth collecting!”

“You can have the evil Undead Sorcerer and the evil Gu Master!”

Buggy was overjoyed. Could it have some too?

After all, even if it didn’t contribute to this battle, it had worked hard.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and Ling cried.

It was already too much to bring legendary equipment, and now they even had three overlord-level puppets?

The gem cat was also furious. What level of capitalist was this guy? It was fine if he extracted his soul, but why did its body have to be repaired and made into a puppet!!

Wasn’t that… six overlord-level puppets?!

Shi Yu was excited.

Although he had been delayed for a day, it was still worth it. With the six overlord puppets on him, he had a new alternate identity to play with on this trip to the Heavenly Fox Nation… He didn’t have to worry about causing trouble for Dong Huang at all!

Under the totem level, it was invincible!

….

….

After Shi Yu and the others cleaned up the battlefield, they collectively entered the ruins space to rest.

The gem cat came to travel with the ruins ring.

Although the gem cat had discussed with Shi Yu to let Buggy be the driver before setting off, Buggy probably wouldn’t recover without resting for two days.

This made the gem cat curse. If it had known, it would have helped Buggy in advance.

If it had attacked directly from the start, at least it wouldn’t have to be a driver.

Unlike now, where it had to be a driver again.

Moreover, the original driver also intercepted the few spoils of war.

Unfortunately, there was no medicine for regret.

In this world, it was a lonely traveling cat.

Because it was going to pass by the totem country, for the sake of safety, it had to be vigilant at all times to avoid the enemy country totem noticing. The gem cat didn’t dare to use its slightly weaker clone and could only do it itself.

At this moment, in the high-level ruins space, Shi Yu and the others had almost adjusted after a day of rest.

After all, Shi Yu had prepared a lot of supplements and resources in advance. Under the paywall battle strategy, there was no need to slowly recuperate.

Even the injured Buggy glowed with vitality again under the treatment of various supplements and ginseng babies.

After recovering, Eleven and Baby Ginseng began to panic.

This battle revealed many problems.

Buggy used legendary equipment, and although it was being beaten the whole time, it could fight a top-notch overlord for so long.