Chapter 673 - Chapter 673

If it were them fighting the Green Scaled Dragon alone, they would probably be defeated by the Green Scaled Dragon in less than three rounds.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If only Buggy was so strong, Eleven and Baby Ginseng could still accept it. But now, after the battle, Chi Tong’s strength might even exceed such a Buggy. Eleven and Baby Ginseng only felt that it might be harder and harder to get first place in the team.

Three overlord puppets!

Damn it, no, there were six. Buggy also had one.

After that, Susu still had the evolution inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite waiting, and Ling’s mechanical intelligence advantage had gradually appeared. If it fused with the Mythical Kirin fossil, who knew how strong it would become…

It was too difficult, too difficult.

Eleven went to Ling. As the saying went, in a three-man team, there would definitely be an expert. As for Coach Ling, there was something it could help Eleven with.

At this moment, in Ling’s laboratory, several Bean Bears and Nine Li Battle Beast clones were experimental subjects placed on the experiment table.

The goal was to study the compatibility method between the Iron-eating Beast and the superalloy skill.

From Shen Feng, Shi Yu and the others couldn’t obtain the core technology of the superalloy, but from the perspective of the seven islands, they still successfully obtained the core technology of the superalloy and the alloy monster.

The reason was very simple. The Ke Yuan Financial Group had mastered such technology, and Dragon Palace City, the Seven Islands, and Dong Huang had directly confiscated the Ke Yuan Financial Group. It was undoubtedly very simple to divide some spoils of war.

Now, Eleven couldn’t wait to undergo the next round of evolution. It ran over again to ask about Ling’s research progress.

“Uh…” Ling said,” Don’t worry, don’t worry… ”

Ling already had a specific idea. It was to modify Eleven’s body and let a certain organ in its body be more similar to the alloy monster.

The risk of biological modification was undoubtedly very high. Even it had to carefully ensure that the success rate was 100% before it could help Eleven carry it out.

“Wuuu!!” Eleven was excited, its big eyes filled with hope.

When it fused with the power of light and darkness and evolved again, it would definitely be invincible in the world.

One punch, one overlord puppet!

“Yi…” In another part of the ruins space, Baby Ginseng wasn’t idle either.

As Eleven was waiting for an evolution opportunity, it was also researching on its own and had been guarding the Sun Flame Flower Chi Tong had given it.

The power of the Sun Flame Flower was undoubtedly in conflict with the power of the ginseng baby.

If Baby Ginseng ate it directly, there was only one outcome: it would be burned to death.

It wouldn’t strengthen it to the overlord level.

If one wanted to rely on legendary resources to break through to overlord, there were two conditions for resources. One was that the resource was strengthening, and the other was that the resource and the user had to have strength and attributes compatible.

However, it was precisely because they weren’t compatible that Baby Ginseng’s mutation could be used. If the power was compatible, its mutation wouldn’t be able to absorb the power of the Sun Flame Flower.

The so-called mutants basically had let their bodies come into contact with powers that were not compatible with them. They would mutate and gradually adapt to their physiques in unsuitable environments and powers!

The power of the Sun Flame Flower was very violent. To Chi Tong, it was a delicacy, but to Baby Ginseng, it was a ferocious plant that affected life activity!

It had only stored 1% of the Sun Flame Flower’s power in its body, but it had spent a lot of effort. Its body was at its limit. If it wanted to perfectly absorb the power of the legendary Sun Flame to mutate, relying on transcendent-level mutations might not be enough. It would be very dangerous.

Unless it grew to the totem level and mutated with the legendary Sun Flame Flower.

But that was meaningless, because at the totem level, it had the ability to optimize its own race.

Although Baby Ginseng currently had a chance to revive and could brainlessly absorb and forcefully mutate to take a gamble, Baby Ginseng was still unwilling to act rashly.

Firstly, it would waste too much power of the Sun Flame Flower, and secondly, it would waste the opportunity to revive.

It wanted to study thoroughly how to maintain a success rate above 100% before mutating!

Moreover, this mutation had to awaken a skill that was meaningful to its battle power.

Mutations didn’t mean success.

For example, if Baby Ginseng mutated and got a Sun Flame skill through the Sun Flame Flower… Although the mutation was successful, there were very few enhancements to its battle power.

The mutated skill had to be useful to it!

Different racial skills had different increases in strength.

It wasn’t every time that it had the chance to bet on top-notch skills.

Because of this and the price of this failure, Baby Ginseng had to grasp this mutation opportunity by itself. It couldn’t be a gambler anymore.

Although it was still a gamble in essence, if it made some preparations during the mutation process, it would be a little psychological comfort.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was sitting beside the Sun Flame Flower, thinking about its conversation with Shi Yu…

Shi Yu: “It’s best if the mutation this time can increase your attributes in all aspects. Your advantage is that your life force is huge. You can start from this aspect. Endless life potential is hidden in the life force. For example, when the overlord’s will erupted, the power that far exceeds the limit was squeezed out of the life force.”

“And the risk of doing this is that our life force will be consumed too much and we’ll easily die young. If Eleven doesn’t have the Undying Golden Body, and if you’re not in the team, and if we don’t have a huge number of life supplements that can allow Eleven and the others to quickly recover after erupting… I definitely won’t dare to let Eleven and the others squeeze out their life potential frequently.”

“But even so, the eruptions of Eleven, Susu, Ducky, and the others are only happening one at a time. These are all self-protection mechanisms of life. And your advantage is that the skill proficiency of the source of life might be very high in the future. The recovery of life force will be very fast. Even if you erupt improperly and die, you can still revive. Therefore, the battle method of infinitely squeezing out life potential might be very suitable for you.”

“The Time Fruit will be obsolete sooner or later. Next, we have to find, study, and squeeze out the potential of the life force…”

At the moment, Baby Ginseng could maintain the advantage at the front of the team thanks to the Time Fruit.

However, the upper limit of the Time Fruit’s increase was the overlord level. As everyone entered the overlord level, the Time Fruit didn’t have any huge advantage.

Although at that time, the side effects of the Time Fruit had already been reduced to the lowest as the level of the ginseng baby increased, it was already impossible for them to fight above their level.

At that time, not only would Susu and Baby Ginseng give up on the Time Fruit, but they wouldn’t use this as the tactical core.

Therefore, after the overlord level, Baby Ginseng had to have a new skill that could replace the Time Fruit and increase its battle power!

Only in this way could it maintain its advantage.

Therefore, the direction of the mutation this time was best if it was an explosive skill that could squeeze out life potential…

“Yi… (I want to plant a fire seed in my body. This fire seed can erupt with huge energy in the form of burning life force and stimulates my potential at any time.)”

Burning its life force was one way. There was another way, which was to establish the relationship between the Sun Flame power and the Moonlight Radiation during the mutation process. The Moonlight Radiation came from the Moonlight, and the Moonlight came from the Sunlight. If it could absorb the Sunlight at the same time during the Moon Explosion and transform the Sunlight into the Moonlight Radiation, the power of the Moon Explosion could be even greater!

Of course, this might also be possible to increase the proficiency of the Moon Explosion in the future. It was not the best choice. The best choice was still to burn its life force. After all, after erupting with life potential, its own strength would increase greatly. Then, it could self-destruct. It could also increase the power of the self-destruction.

Although Baby Ginseng understood Shi Yu’s meaning, it was still not mentally prepared… After all, the price of failure was a legendary resource!! Dying was nothing, but wasting a resource would make it very sad. After all, it was given by Chi Tong out of goodwill.

Moreover, as Baby Ginseng thought about it, it cried. What the hell? It was a wood-element supplement plant, and its skills were either burning life or self-destructing. Could it still play happily?