Chapter 679 - Shi Yu Vs Fox God (2)

Since ancient times, there had never been a Beast Tamer with too powerful a telepathy talent. It was because the telepathy talent didn’t have much achievements in the battle direction.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If he could develop the function of the telepathy talent in battle more, Shi Yu felt that his battle power could still go up another level.

His train of thought was also very simple. Most strengthening talents strengthened the power of pets by consuming the power of Beast Tamers.

Because of this, many Beast Tamers would be very weak after battle.

During this strengthening process, there was a special “connection” between Beast Tamers and pets.

If Shi Yu wanted to use “telepathy” to strengthen his pet, he would definitely have to build this “connection”.

This connection was closer to a “materialized connection”. If it were before, telepathy that could only be used as an “ordinary conversation” ability would definitely not be able to achieve a deep connection. However, now that the telepathy had mutated, Shi Yu felt that he could give it a try.

However, he had been experimenting for a long time. At the moment, there were no good effects.

And because it wasn’t anything important, he didn’t trouble Ling to start a research project alone. After all, Ling was busy enough at the moment. Every project was important.

At the moment, Ling was trying to study a “skill alloy” and “new inscription”. In Ling’s research, the armor of the Nine Li Battle Beast was inextricably linked to the body structure in its body.

By eating different metals and carving special patterns on the armor, it could combine the metal it ate to change the body structure of the Nine Li Battle Beast and let it complete its evolution.

The evolution of the Nine Li Battle Beast for the first inscription and the second inscription relied on this. Even the Demon God Iron-eating Beast relied on this mechanism.

Therefore, Ling had been using this racial mechanism to create a special alloy food according to the superalloy technology. It planned to cooperate with the inscription method to change Eleven’s compatibility with the “superalloy” skill.

The tenth inscription!

Since ancient people could develop nine inscription evolution paths and figure out the evolution path of the iron-eating beasts without any scientific research conditions, Ling believed that it could do it too.

Shi Yu let Ling study it. As for the development of telepathy, before Ling was busy, he could only rely on himself to explore blindly.

“Since telepathy is mutated through the strengthening of the soul…”

“Perhaps I can strengthen my pet through the method of a ‘spirit body’.”

“What’s the most common strengthening method for spiritual bodies? Obviously, ‘possession’.”

“If I can use my soul power as a shell, my telepathy as a bridge, and my mental and physical energy as energy, I can condense a substitute and possess my pet. Perhaps my pet’s strength can also be strengthened.”

“I don’t think there’s such a Beast Taming Talent, right?”

“Condense your body’s energy and transform into a pure energy body, which is a shrunken version of yourself. Possess your pet and let yourself become one with your pet.”

“Then here’s the problem. What should I do?” Shi Yu muttered. He couldn’t mobilize his soul, spirit, and physical energy… let alone condense a Nascent Soul.

But according to what he knew, mixed-blood Beast Tamers could mobilize some extraordinary power.

For example, some mixed-blood Beast Tamers could awaken mental deterrence after reaching the Legendary level.

Some Beast Tamers with mixed blood could even try to let their souls leave their bodies after reaching the Legendary level.

But this had nothing to do with pure-blooded human Beast Tamers.

Could it be that he really had to stop being a human to play the game happily?

No… No!

Now, Shi Yu had a new idea every day. Today, he even wanted to condense a “Nascent Soul”.

Beast Taming Immortal Cultivation!

“Stop dreaming.” As Shi Yu was engrossed in his fantasies and experiments, a day passed in the blink of an eye. Before the current Space Beast Egg could finish absorbing the energy, the gem cat kicked Shi Yu awake and said, “Stop dreaming. The barrier has been opened. Someone entered.”

“F*ck.” Shi Yu suddenly woke up and said, “Why is the Moon God Fox back so quickly?”

He took a quick look at the egg and heaved a sigh of relief.

“But it’s not a big problem. The egg will be finished absorbing in a while!”

“This time, even if the Fox God comes, we have to hold on!!”

Now, the light of the egg had gradually dimmed. According to his previous experience, it would take less than half an hour.

“Don’t worry, it’s not that Moon God Fox. It seems to be a human. It’s not very strong. You settle it yourself, ha ~”

Just as the gem cat’s sleepy voice fell, the surrounding spatial power fluctuated. A woman in white ancient clothes and a monarch-level Star Moon Fox were teleported into the Moon God Fox Holy Land and not far from Shi Yu and the others.

At this moment, just as they descended, the eldest daughter of Moon City, Yue’e, was filled with joy. Beside her, the Star Moon Fox was also filled with joy.

After all, it was too rare to enter such a holy land to cultivate.

However, their expressions suddenly stiffened. They saw Shi Yu, who had disguised as an old man with a sinister aura, sitting beside the Moon God Fox’s altar and looking at them with empty eyes.

“Who are you…” Yue’e was immediately shocked when she saw Shi Yu.

There shouldn’t be anyone else in the Moon Master Holy Land. She had been chosen by the Moon God Fox to cultivate, but she had never heard of anyone else being here.

< Name > Star Moon Fox

[Attributes]: Light

[Race Level]: High-level monarch