Chapter 677 - Heavenly Fox (4)

Shi Yu rolled his eyes and said, “There’s the spiritual connection with the totem fox god, and there’s mechanisms in place since we’re in its territory. You’ve already blocked off all the options, let’s stop caring so much. Let’s just do it directly.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You’re just too cautious. When the time comes, things will always work out. When I do archaeology, it gets to my head and I never consider the risks!”

“Damn!” the gem cat muttered. It also felt that it was quite troublesome to think too much. Perhaps the Fox God wasn’t that free!

Just as they finished communicating, a terrifying aura suddenly came from the core of Moon City. A deterrence that shot up circled in the sky, tearing a huge moon mark there.

In Moon City, most of the Beast Tamers and foxes suddenly looked over, as that was the holy land of the Moon God Fox overlord!!

As the wind and clouds changed, a huge fox more than ten meters long with light golden hair and starlight lingering around it stepped on the air and soared into the sky, leaving Moon City.

“Lord Moon God!!!”

Seeing this huge fox appear, many mortals and Beast Tamers in Moon City bowed.

< Name > Moon God Fox

[Attributes]: Light

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 61,110,000

Shi Yu was stunned for a moment. He looked at the Moon God Fox that was getting further and further away and pondered for a moment.

Although he didn’t know what had happened, the Moon God Fox… seemed to have left its hometown??

“See, everything will work out when the time comes. The Moon God Fox left on its own.” Shi Yu thought to himself, “There’s no one to watch its house now. Teacher Ying, are you confident that we can sneak to the altar without causing any commotion?”

The gem cat was also silent for a moment before saying, “Let’s give it a try.”

….

At the same time.

Moon City, City Lord Manor.

In a hall, a middle-aged man in an ancient suit with a moonlight symbol was pacing back and forth.

Soon, a beautiful woman in the same clothes entered the hall. When she saw the middle-aged man, she bowed slightly and said, “Father, you were looking for me.”

“Yue’e, you saw the Moon Lord leave the city just now, right?”

The genius Beast Tamer of the Moonlight Family, Yue’e, nodded and said, “Father, did something happen?”

The head of the Moonlight Family said, “Lord Moon Master said that there was a problem with the mystic realm that descended in the south. In order to fight for the ownership of the mystic realm, other factions entered the Heavenly Fox Nation. At the moment, the ruins mystic realm seems to be in a confrontation stage. Lord Moon Master was summoned by Lord Fox God to help.”

“Who is it?” Yue’e’s expression changed.

“I’m not sure…”

“However, with Lord Fox God and the Holy Maiden present, there shouldn’t be any problems…”

The Moonlight family head said, “Yue’e, before Master Yue left, she said that you can enter the Holy Land to cultivate in a day. This means that Master Yue should have chosen you!!”

“Really!!” Yue’e’s expression revealed joy. The so-called holy land was the habitat of the Moon God Fox. The moonlight energy there was rich, and the spatial fluctuations were strong. Not only was it suitable for the growth of the fox race, but it was also very suitable for meditation. If she could go there to cultivate, her strength would definitely improve!

“Yeah, this is a rare opportunity!!” The Moonlight family’s master also said with an excited expression, “This is a token left behind by the Moon Goddess that lets you in the holy land!”

….

Shi Yu was very high now. Although the gem cat teacher always looked very unwilling before doing anything and looked like it was very, very difficult, every time he did it, everything seemed to turn out very smooth in the end!!

With the help of the gem cat, they successfully entered the holy land where the Moon God Fox lived. Although there were layers of barriers and restrictions outside the holy land, under Teacher Cat’s powerful spatial attainments, it was like “picking a lock”. They entered very smoothly!!

After entering, the gem cat was already drenched in sweat. It wiped its sweat with its claws and said, “Fortunately, my spatial control doesn’t lack training. Otherwise, it would really be a little difficult.”

“This is it!!” At the same time, Shi Yu had already arrived at the most conspicuous altar in the Holy Land. It was this, identical to the Starry Sky Altar in the countryside of the Seven Islands!!

Shi Yu quickly took out the Space Beast Egg. After absorbing the power of the starlight here, the hatching progress was two out of four…

….

South of the Heavenly Fox Nation.

Outside the legendary mystic realm that had descended not long ago.

Legend Ke and the others, who had already arrived and infiltrated the vicinity, had already made contact with Qu Ling. They also learned something from Qu Ling, who was currently among the Heavenly Fox Guards!

They only felt that it was extremely troublesome, especially Legend Ke himself!!

He didn’t expect that apart from Dong Huang, there were also people eyeing this Iron-eating Beast Ruins.

What shocked Legend Ke the most was that the leader of the other factions who led the negotiation with the Heavenly Fox Nation was actually the controller of the Seven Islands Ke Yuan Financial Group!

Dong Huang, Dragon Palace City, and the Seven Islands searched for a long time but couldn’t find the legendary Beast Tamer of the Seven Islands who used the power of Yun An to carry out biological experiments!

Why would they care about this ruin?

Could it be that… this ruin was not only related to the Iron-eating Beast, but also Yun An?