Chapter 670 - Shi Yu'S Mecha Form (7)

Eleven was extremely furious. It had already erupted four times in a row with the support of Baby Ginseng. Its condition was getting worse and worse, but why was this guy so hard!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Uh!!!” In the tortoise shell, the Mountain Tortoise was also extremely shocked. Why was this guy’s attack power stronger and stronger each time! Why wasn’t it exhausted yet!! Moreover, why was this guy’s deterrence so strong!! Coupled with the spatial vibration, the deterrence directly passed through the tortoise shell, making the Mountain Tortoise dizzy.

If it weren’t for the fact that its deterrence level wasn’t low and it had a mental defense skill, it would probably have collapsed.

At that moment, when he saw this scene, Shi Yu suddenly knew why Emperor Wu’s Zhong Xuan hated Iron-eating Beasts so much. Of course, perhaps Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast also hated Zhong Xuan.

If Eleven and Baby Ginseng were tortured by this overlord turtle’s shocking defense, then Buggy was just purely tortured by the Green Scaled Dragon.

The Green Scaled Dragon, which was originally in the reverse scale state, could suppress Buggy of the same energy and physical level with its skill proficiency. As the Green Scaled Dragon mobilized the power of the dragon vein in its territory, its suppression of Buggy was better.

Buggy realized that the proficiency of its Anti-Demon Domain was not enough to completely restrict this guy’s mobilization of the dragon vein power. A top-notch overlord was even more difficult to deal with than it imagined.

At this moment, the divine dragon phantom conjured by Buggy was already broken. The main body of the butterfly with the divine dragon physique inside was also covered in injuries of various sizes. It was constantly relying on high-speed healing and ultimate absorption to recover. In order to recover, it didn’t even have the time to care about the divine dragon phantom!!

As for the Green Scaled Dragon opposite, although its body was also covered in injuries of various sizes, there were no serious fatal injuries.

“Wu!!! (Damn it, if I had two legendary equipment…)” Buggy wanted a healing-type dragon-type equipment. In that case…

Seeing this, Shi Yu directly chose to join the two battles. Firstly, he wanted to help Eleven and the others.

“Can it defend against mental attacks?”

With Shi Yu’s reminder, Eleven and Baby Ginseng directly dodged. The slash filled with gray light landed on the Tortoise from the sky and directly slashed into the shell!!

As soon as Shi Yu joined, he directly reversed the situation. The undead-type legendary bone sword, together with Chi Tong’s Soul Slash skill, directly penetrated all the defense of the Mountain Tortoise and directly heavily injured its soul and pulled it out of its body!!

“Uh!!!” In the huge turtle shell, the Mountain Tortoise wanted to persist a little longer. If it persisted a little longer, it would be able to run away. However, in the next moment, its round eyes directly revealed an incredulous expression in a daze.

Its vision was instantly enveloped by gray light.

Soul… attack…

Its only shortcoming…

“Uh!!!” The brown turtle spirit had a panicked and afraid expression as it was directly absorbed by the bone sword in the sky. At this moment, it still retained some consciousness and was filled with endless fear.

Who exactly was the enemy? Why did he have such an evil method? It wasn’t enough to kill them, but he even had to modify their souls.

At this moment, the Mountain Tortoise could clearly feel that its soul consciousness was losing its control.

Seeing this, Eleven and Baby Ginseng beside it revealed dissatisfied expressions.

Damn it, after fighting for so long, it was still intercepted by the Beast Tamer. The four of them formed a team and even brought a legendary weapon and even the Time Fruit. They were simply cheating!!

“Let’s go help Buggy…” Shi Yu smiled and called out, but he didn’t receive a response from Eleven and Baby Ginseng. At this moment, Eleven and Baby Ginseng were panting on the spot. They didn’t have much strength left.

Eleven and Baby Ginseng looked at Buggy. Although they wanted to help, they were already helpless.

Shi Yu had indeed picked up a bargain. Before arriving, Eleven and Baby Ginseng had already beaten the Mountain Tortoise to its lowest state.

At this moment, they expressed that they should let Teacher Cat help.

“Alright.” Shi Yu glanced at the time in the mecha.

[0: 51]

According to Ling’s calculations, the mecha form was about to collapse in less than a minute. At this stage, Shi Yu and Ling felt immense fatigue.

Although he could still go to the Green Scaled Dragon to erupt with a round, after thinking about it, there didn’t seem to be a need. If his condition was too poor, it wouldn’t be easy to cause trouble in the totem country later.

Through the battle just now and the situation on Buggy’s side, Shi Yu or Ling could already roughly analyze the situation if they encountered a top-notch overlord.

If a top-notch overlord like the Green Scaled Dragon fought in the Green Scaled Dragon’s territory, then with all of them working together seven against one, the chances of winning should be above 50%.

If they weren’t fighting in the Green Scaled Dragon’s territory, but in an environment that was beneficial to them, their chances of winning against a top-notch overlord like the Green Scaled Dragon should be above 75%.

But no matter what, they would probably have to pay a considerable price and couldn’t win easily.

This was because this green-scaled dragon had mastered the overlord’s will. If it erupted on the verge of death, it might not be something Shi Yu and the others could withstand.

However, their strength was no longer weak. Even among legendary Beast Tamers, they should be medium-level.

“Buggy, do you need help?” Shi Yu looked at Buggy a thousand meters away.

Buggy: Ahhh!!! (No need, I’m the number one in the team. I can win!!)

Boom!!

Its huge body was torn apart by the green-scaled dragon again and sent flying.

Buggy: Ahhh!! (I could use some help too.)

At this moment, the Green Scaled Dragon was even more afraid than Buggy, because it had already sensed that the life auras of the other two overlords had disappeared.

“Teacher Cat, help. We don’t want to fight anymore. Help Buggy.” Shi Yu looked at the gem cat in the air for help.

In the air, the gem cat was silent for a moment and cursed.

When it saw that Shi Yu was fighting so fiercely, it thought that it didn’t need its help anymore. Why did it still want its help in the end?

“There’s still a mission. I still have to do archeology later…” Shi Yu said,” My condition can’t be too poor… ”

“Just this once.” The gem cat sighed.

“Yes…”

After Shi Yu and the gem cat finished communicating, in the distance, the green-scaled dragon, who was fighting Buggy, revealed an expression of horror that it had never seen since it was born.

A huge spatial vortex suddenly appeared above the green-scaled dragon and Buggy.

In the vortex, white, blue, red, black, purple, green, gold, pink… Different lights bloomed.

A huge spiral light ball with nine-colored light that was like a galaxy descended from the sky like a meteor!!

In less than a second, it left a nine-colored light mark in mid-air, connecting the vortex to the Green Scaled Dragon!!

Boom!!!

In the next moment, the green-scaled dragon was swallowed by the light ball and continued to fall with the light mark.

Just as the light ball approached the ground, the light disappeared. With a boom, the aftermath of this skill directly brought the incomparably huge body of the Green Scaled Dragon to the ground!!

A terrifying energy wave wreaked havoc on the ground. After a loud bang, a huge pit dozens of meters in diameter and more than ten meters deep appeared on the ground.

The edge of the huge pit was filled with traces of various attributes. Frost, fire, lightning, wind marks, curses…

“I only used the aftermath. Otherwise, the nearby mountains would have been gone. Usually, apart from eating, I don’t like to kill,” the gem cat said disdainfully. “It hasn’t died. Hurry up and kill it.”

“It’s much weaker than that whale.”

In the sky, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling looked at the power of the gem cat’s move and fell into deep silence. They had agreed that the totem that used resources to break through was the weakest totem. Why was a top-notch overlord… killed in one move…

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth also twitched. This power seemed to be much stronger than the skill power of the gem cat when it first broke through to fight the Vortex Demon Beast. Was the gem cat really just lazing around and not secretly training?

“Speaking of which, Green Scaled Dragon, Ice-Eyed White Tiger, Mountain Tortoise Undead… In addition to Chi Tong, who’s controlling them, this seems to be able to form a group of the Four Undead Holy Beasts.” Shi Yu suddenly realized something.

In the weakest Heavenly Fox Nation, if the Fox God didn’t appear, could it run rampant…

At this moment, the gem cat was not in the mood to listen to Shi Yu’s joke.

It looked at the huge amount of energy crystals consumed by the move in its own space and felt its heart bleed… This paywall battle strategy was specially developed by it to show off. The price was huge. It hoped that from today onwards, Shi Yu could show it more respect…