Chapter 675 - Heavenly Fox (2)

If it was a place like the Dragonman Empire, although humans were also below the dragon race and above the myriad races, that was only limited to humans of mixed races. If they went there to spy, the pressure would be huge.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If I hadn’t transmigrated to Dong Huang when I transmigrated, I wonder what would have happened when I transmigrated here.” After Shi Yu came out, he muttered in his heart.

His clothes were also prepared for the national situation of the Heavenly Fox Nation. He appeared on the busy street and didn’t pay much attention.

It was quite new for Shi Yu to come to the totem country for the first time. As he walked, he looked around. On the streets, there were cries of vendors and shouts. People like the candied hawthorn that Shi Yu was familiar with were also selling here. He even saw adults buying stuff for their children!

From the thriving scene on the street, it was impossible to tell that this was the ferocious and violent totem country described in the textbooks.

Shi Yu thought for a moment. This was also normal. After all, even in the totem era before the Beast Taming Era, there were also good totems and evil totems. For example, in the totem era, some of the Dong Huang humans survived under the protection of the divine dragon race. They all believed in divine dragons. Even in the current Dong Huang, although humans were the rulers, a large portion of them still believed in divine dragons.

According to historical records, the Heavenly Fox Nation was still alright. It had never directly participated in the totem battle with Dong Huang. The Fox God only hugged a bunch of big bosses’ thighs everywhere the whole time, preventing the Heavenly Fox Nation from destruction. However, this didn’t affect the fact that the Heavenly Fox Nation and Dong Huang were enemies now, because at the moment, the Heavenly Fox Nation’s greatest backer was enemies with Dong Huang.

The friend of an enemy was the enemy.

“The Heaven Leaderboard has been announced…” Shi Yu had only taken a few steps when he heard the street suddenly become noisy. A large number of people gathered towards a wall. Shi Yu took a look and gave up squeezing through the crowd.

With a flick of his finger, Buggy’s countless Dream Stealing Worms began to fly all over the city.

Soon, Shi Yu understood what the “Heavenly Ranking” was and learned a lot of local information.

When the World Tournament began, the Heavenly Fox Nation was also invited. However, apart from the Heavenly Fox Saintess, there were no powerful Beast Tamers in the Heavenly Fox Nation, let alone powerful Beast Tamers under the age of 30.

There was no legendary Beast Tamer under the age of 30 in the Heavenly Fox Nation! There were even very few level-six ones!

And if one wanted to participate in the World Tournament and have overlord-level battle power, that was the threshold.

Therefore, if the Heavenly Fox Nation wanted to participate in the battle, they could only choose the extreme method, which was to take a step back and choose level-five and level-six Beast Tamers who were willing to participate.

The chosen candidates had a chance of being chosen by the seven overlord fox clans under the Fox God to fight in the world competition as temporary contractors.

A contract above their level!

At that time, it would definitely be mainly the overlord fox race. As for those human Beast Tamers, if they wanted to contract above their level, they would definitely have to pay a heavy price, just like the Beast Tamers of the Divine Tree Nation Shi Yu had encountered previously.

However, from the dream memories of the people here, the young Beast Tamers of the Heavenly Fox Nation didn’t seem to be rejected. Most of them were willing to sacrifice themselves and contract the overlord fox race at a huge price to fight in the world competition, as if this was a supreme honor.

Shi Yu also discovered an interesting point. In the seven countries, people called the competition organized by the World Tree a world competition, and in the totem countries, more people seemed to call it the “battle of countries”. It was an opportunity for their country to rise.

“The power of faith is very strong…”

Shi Yu didn’t find it strange. If these humans couldn’t provide the fox god of the Heavenly Fox Nation with a huge amount of power of faith, it was impossible for them to have such a high status.

“Miss Yue’e is indeed on the Heaven Leaderboard.”

“Yes, yes, it’s completely unexpected. After all, she’s the pride of our Moon City.”

“Lord Yue hasn’t searched for a contractor for nearly 20 years. I wonder if Miss Yue’e can be chosen by Lord Moon.”

On the street, there was a flurry of discussion. The discussion about Beast Taming was not low in Dong Huang. Even ordinary people participated in the discussion excitedly.

However, this was not what Shi Yu cared about. In his opinion, what else could such a person who contracted an overlord above his level be if not cannon fodder??

Unless that Moon God Fox had the strength of a top-notch overlord that wasn’t inferior to the Green Scaled Dragon.

But even in Dragon Palace City, there weren’t many such top-notch overlords, let alone the Heavenly Fox Nation.

Shi Yu held his walking stick and continued to search for the “hatching altar”.

….

Before long, Shi Yu used a similar method to let Buggy fly to various places in Moon City through the Dream Stealing Worm to collect information and determine where the Starry Sky Altar might be.

“Are you sure??” In the alternate space, the gem cat muttered.

Shi Yu thought to himself, “I’ve gathered the memories of many people and even let Buggy infiltrate the City Lord Manor of the Moonshine Family. It shouldn’t be wrong.”

The gem cat was surprised. “Your efficiency is pretty fast.”

It felt that even if it came to investigate, it might not necessarily be faster and more stable than Shi Yu.

Shi Yu chuckled and thought to himself, “Isn’t this all thanks to Buggy’s dream stealing and phantom skills?”

The combination of phantom illusion and max-level dream stealing made Shi Yu more suitable than most Beast Tamers to be a spy who stole information.

Shi Yu felt that he and Buggy should at least have a place in the tenth bureau’s Intelligence Bureau!!

Of course, Shi Yu’s current boldness was also related to the overall strength of the Heavenly Fox Nation and Moon City being too lousy.

There was no legend in the entire city, only an overlord. Buggy alone could fight the entire city and steal as it pleased!