Chapter 671 - Obtaining Six Overlord-Level Puppets (1)

In the huge pit, the green-scaled dragon was already on the verge of death.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The gem cat’s power control was very good.

Not only did it ensure that the green-scaled dragon lost its ability to fight, but it also didn’t completely die.

If it was completely dead, Shi Yu and the others wouldn’t be able to transform the Green-scaled Flood Dragon into an undead puppet.

He had to use the bone sword or the Undead Revival to kill it!

The power of resources and skills would change the structure of the transcendent life form’s soul the moment it was killed, allowing it to inherit the power of its body when it was alive to a certain extent and become a new undead race!

At first glance, the effect of the bone sword was actually similar to the Undying Fruit.

However, there was still a difference between one as a legendary resource and the other as a Mythical resource.

That was, the bone sword was only effective for lives below the totem level, while the Mythical resource, the Undying Fruit, was known to be effective for demigod-level lives.

As for whether it was effective against Mythical creatures, he didn’t know.

Of course, if Chi Tong’s Undead Revival skill reached transcendent and Dao Proficiency, it wasn’t impossible for the skill effect to exceed the legendary resource, the bone sword.

“Buzz!!”

The huge mecha slashed down with its sword. The Green Scaled Dragon in the huge pit also died completely like the Ice-Eyed White Tiger and the Mountain Tortoise!!

Although they were already dead, their spiritual bodies had already been imprisoned by the bone sword.

At this moment, they were already puppets of the bone sword.

Through max-level possession, Chi Tong, who had already controlled the bone sword, immediately erased the remaining intelligence of the three undead through the power of the bone sword.

This way, it would be easier to control.

Be it the bone sword or Chi Tong’s Undead Revival, after killing the enemy, the enemy’s undead could still retain some of their consciousness from when they were alive.

Of course, if it was to control it as an undead puppet, it would be best if its mind was erased too.

Chi Tong could also choose to let them retain some consciousness. However, these three overlords looked very boring. There was no need.

With their death experience, if they retained some consciousness, they would definitely be crying, making a fuss, and being fierce in the bone sword!

“Roar…”

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others had already exited the mecha form. After all, this form consumed too much energy.

Chi Tong also returned to its sword spirit form and possessed the bone sword that had returned to the size of a fruit knife.

It began to summon the undead puppets they had hunted together!!!

“Roar…”

In the gray mist, a green-scaled dragon in the form of an illusory spiritual body, as well as a Ice-Eyed White Tiger and a Mountain Tortoise, were summoned by Chi Tong again!!

“Roar!!!”

The three undead overlords still looked majestic, but they submitted to the bone sword and Chi Tong.

< Name > Green Scaled Dragon Spirit

[Attributes]: Undead, Dragon

Energy Points: 53,150,000

…

< Name > Ice-Eyed Tiger Spirit

[Attributes]: Undead, Ice

Energy Points: 47,060,000

…

< Name > Mountain Tortoise Spirit

[Attributes]: Undead, Earth

Energy Points: 45,920,000

The moment they appeared, Shi Yu detected their approximate energy fluctuations through the index.

“What a pity.”

Seeing this, Shi Yu couldn’t help but say regretfully.

“It’s much weaker.”

At the side, the gem cat also landed and looked at the three huge undead that had submitted to the bone sword in front of it.

“Well, it’s the same as the effect of experimenting with commander-level and monarch-level ferocious beasts previously. It’s much weaker than when it was alive. Fortunately, most of the skills have been inherited, and the skill experience has not been lost much in the soul. It can still display overlord-level battle power,” Shi Yu said.

Although the power of the legendary bone sword was magical, the process of reviving the undead still couldn’t avoid losing most of its power.

However, Shi Yu was already very satisfied at this level. For example, the Green Scaled Dragon’s perfect super skill, the reverse scale, and the Ice-Eyed Tiger Spirit’s perfect super skill, Absolute Zero. These skill experiences were all preserved well.

It could be said that any one of these three undead could kill the Earth Abyss Demon Tree they had encountered previously.

As for that Earth Abyss Demon Tree, Baby Ginseng only defeated it with all its might.

Chi Tong controlled a total of three such undead.

In addition to the power of Chi Tong’s main body, if there was another team meeting, even if Buggy could use the legendary Dragon Ball, the first place wouldn’t be Buggy’s, but Chi Tong’s.

Even if Eleven erupted with the power of a Demon God, it was hard to say if it could defeat the current Chi Tong.

After all, Eleven had to erupt to the limit to have any hope of defeating each of these three overlord undead. Without the support of the ginseng baby, it was very difficult for Eleven to erupt for so long.

As long as Chi Tong controlled the undead behind him and played tag battle, Eleven would suffer.

“How long is the shelf life?” the gem cat asked again.

At the moment, these three undead were all remnant souls created by the bone sword. It was impossible for them to have such a long lifespan like complete overlord undead.

“Less than a year, but if I nurture them in the bone sword, they can always exist before the bone sword’s energy is exhausted. Moreover, they can be strengthened by the bone sword and become stronger. When the opportunity comes, they might even be able to turn from remnant souls into complete spirit bodies. There’s no need to worry about this.”

“However…” Shi Yu pondered. Why did he feel that in a year, they would look down on overlord undead of this level?

However, it wasn’t a big problem. When the overlord undead were eliminated, it wasn’t useless. He just had to let Chi Tong cut off and absorb it through the Spirit Release and transform it into nutrients for Chi Tong’s own growth. In the end, be it the power of the overlord undead or the power of legendary resources, they wouldn’t be wasted.