Chapter 685 - Talent Plundering, Target Candidate (4)

“Senior Butterfly God, long time no see.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu had just been sent over by the gem cat when he greeted the butterfly god that he had not seen for a long time.

“Yes, long time no see.”

The butterfly god looked at this old man strangely. It naturally knew the identities of the other two reinforcements. One was Dong Huang’s new guardian gem cat, and the other was the number one person below the legendary level, the minister of the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City, and the archeologist of Bureau 11, Shi Yu.

When it woke up, the butterfly god was also very shocked. The newbie it blessed had actually become the number one super genius in Dong Huang.

Shi Yu’s sudden descent shocked the other three. The gem cat’s teleportation was too secretive. Even the Butterfly God didn’t sense it, let alone Legend Ke, Ji Feng, and the others.

“This is…” Seeing this gloomy old man, Legend Ke subconsciously said.

He didn’t know him.

Was it a disguise?

It was very normal to disguise oneself. The three of them had also done so.

“It’s me.” Shi Yu recovered his original voice and smiled at the three of them. His wrinkles trembled. Although the other party had also disguised themselves, he knew the name list and could roughly determine their identities.

“Holy shit.” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s voice, Legend Ke and Legend Zhang were stunned. As for the originally silent Ji Feng, he directly spoke in disbelief.

He was extremely stunned. “Why are you here, and in this state…”

Why did they feel that it was even better than their disguise? After all, they had gotten the best disguise master in the tenth bureau to help change their appearance.

“It’s actually you!!!” Legend Ke was also stunned. Holy shit, why did President Lin let Shi Yu go too? Ah, it seemed normal. After all, it was said that this was the Iron-eating Beast Ruins…

“I want to know the exact situation now,” Shi Yu said.

He frowned and looked into the distance where the world was changing.

Legend Ke said, “Let me.”

“The situation has changed. A group of factions has also targeted this ruin. Moreover, the two people from this faction are suspected to be the totems of the legendary helmsman of the Ke Yuan Financial Group, Bai Chuan, and the remaining faction of Yun An.”

When Legend Ke finished speaking, Shi Yu’s expression changed. “Are you sure?”

What was going on…

Could it be that they looked in the direction of the ruins? Could it be that the so-called iron-eating beast evolution materials in the ruins were Yun An Fragments??

Otherwise, was there anything worth attracting Yun An’s faction?

But no matter what, this was a good thing.

Be it the Ke Yuan Financial Group or the Yun An faction, they were both enemies that Dong Huang was currently searching for.

“It’s basically confirmed. Although the Ke Yuan Financial Group’s Bai Chuan has also changed, through the pet he contracted, we can basically confirm that it’s him.”

“Madam Qu Ling has already told us the specific information over there.”

Apart from the information that the legendary ruins might be the place where their Yun An faction general was sealed, Qu Ling had already told Legend Ke and the others about the other information through her position.

“Then what should we do?” Shi Yu asked.

“We’ve already sent the news back to request support,” Legend Ke said. “If necessary, let’s subdue that Bai Chuan first.”

“But the situation has changed greatly. Just now, the Fox God had a certain conflict with the other party. The Butterfly God judged that the Fox God’s strength might not be just at the ordinary totem level, and its strength might not be inferior to it. And now that the two totems have stopped moving, no matter what, we definitely can’t carry out the mission perfectly with just us.”

“So unless it’s necessary, it’s better to wait for reinforcements slowly.”

Was the Fox God so strong?

Shi Yu was stunned.

However, the Fox God and Yun An’s faction had a conflict?

Shi Yu had a strange expression.

It shouldn’t have anything to do with him, right?

He quickly looked at the old woman among the three and understood that it was a message from her.

This old woman was also a member of the tenth bureau. Her surname was Zhang, and she was at the legend level. Her Beast Taming Talent was very special, and it was teleportation.

She could teleport her contracted pet to the place where the teleportation array was set up in advance.

The greatest teleportation distance could cross the forbidden zone of the Lost World and three totem countries.

She was an important member of the infiltration team who maintained contact with Dong Huang.

Not long ago, she had already gotten her pet to send the news here back to Dong Huang as quickly as possible.

If nothing went wrong, after Dong Huang received the news, they would immediately send strong reinforcements.

It was even possible to directly send an army to pressure the Heavenly Fox with the excuse of “the Heavenly Fox Nation luring the legends of the Seven Nation Alliance to betray the country”.

“What about the Iron-eating Beast??”

“Didn’t they say that there’s an Iron-eating Beast race around the ruins?” Shi Yu asked.

The main mission this time was to bring this Iron-eating Beast race back.

According to the information, there were at least hundreds of iron-eating beasts.

“The Iron-eating Beasts are currently being guarded by an overlord of the Heavenly Fox Nation. Because there are a large number of traces of Iron-eating Beasts at the ruins location, as well as traces of the Emperor Wu Army, this ruin has been judged to be related to the Iron-eating Beasts. They watch the Iron-eating Beasts very closely and think that this group of Iron-eating Beasts is the key to cracking the ruins,” Legend Ke said.

“Although the security is very tight, it’s not very difficult to take it away forcefully,” the Butterfly God said. “It depends on when we attack.”

“Although that fox is more difficult to deal with than I imagined, its speed shouldn’t be faster than mine. Moreover, I have rich experience dealing with fox spirits.”

The butterfly god let out an indignant and youthful voice.

Shi Yu was silent. He suspected that there was definitely a female fox in Lin Feng Legend’s team…

Next, Shi Yu, Legend Ke, and the others kept exchanging information.