Chapter 683 - Talent Plundering, Target Candidate (2)

“That’s good.” Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, at this moment, something unexpected happened. As the aura strengthened again, the fox god projection that didn’t look intelligent just now gradually cleared its eyes. Its nine huge tails swept over with a boom and directly sent the flood dragon spirit flying, forcing Chi Tong to control the flood dragon spirit to retreat.

“Who are you?” The fox god projection revealed an angry expression.

Its golden pupils looked at the gray-robed old man who was holding the genius of the Heavenly Fox Nation hostage. Its anger increased. “Let go of her, or bear the consequences.”

Shi Yu was stunned. It was conscious now?

Moreover, Shi Yu looked at the other party. It actually really cared about this little genius. However, it was just right. He had to put on a full show. After this, he would never do it again. He wasn’t planning on killing her like the female Beast Tamer from the Divine Tree Nation.

From the dream memories of the Beast Tamer they searched, if they didn’t consider the position of the country, this person was really a good person. She helped the poor in various ways and punished evil and spread good. She especially hated the totem countries that used humans as food and squeezed humans dry. On the other hand, she looked forward to Dong Huang very much. She was very curious about the human countries like Dong Huang, making Shi Yu feel that it was very unsuitable to kill her.

Even if this guy might become Dong Huang’s enemy in the future, at least she wasn’t now, not yet. It was still fundamentally different from the Beast Tamer from the Divine Tree Nation who hunted Dong Huang’s Beast Tamers. In addition, Shi Yu still didn’t know the situation on the butterfly god’s side, or whether or not they were confronting the fox god’s main body. He couldn’t expand the conflict.

Good deeds would still be rewarded. The Beast Tamer in Shi Yu’s hand directly saved her own life by being good.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Do you want her to live?”

The three undead overlords retreated and moved in front of Shi Yu. Shi Yu held the Beast Tamer hostage and faced the Fox God’s projection. At the same time, as the battle temporarily stopped, a large number of Moon City Beast Tamers led by the Moonlight family’s master entered the Holy Land.

In a boom, an army of hundreds entered together.

Among them, the Moonlight family head looked at the gray-robed old man holding a hostage, his eyes filled with blood vessels. “Let go of her…”

“Your master has already surrendered. Do you still want to resist fearlessly?” The Fox God stared at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was stunned.

He kept feeling that something was wrong.

Even if the Butterfly God and the Fox God fought, it shouldn’t be so fast, right?

After all, it was the legendary second team of Lin Feng. If it weren’t for the fact that it was born of the wrong gender, it might even have entered the first team.

Its strength was close to a top-notch totem, so it was definitely stronger than the cat. It was a hundred-year-old totem.

It couldn’t be that it couldn’t even defeat the fox in the weakest totem country, right?

Could it be that it wasn’t the Butterfly God and the others?

[The egg has been absorbed. We can slip away now.]

Upon hearing that, Shi Yu relaxed and expressed his understanding. He gave Buggy and Chi Tong orders. At the same time, he looked at the Fox God and the others.

“Master?” The gray-robed Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Looks like you misunderstood something.”

“But forget it, I’ve already achieved my goal.”

“I’ll give her to you, but you have to let me leave. Otherwise, if a big battle breaks out, it won’t be good for anyone. This city might become ruins.”

Shi Yu was also unwilling to have a big battle in Moon City. After all, there were still millions of ordinary people in the city who weren’t even Beast Tamers. If there was really a conflict, these people would die.

From the way the Fox God protected Moon City, it probably didn’t want to have a conflict here.

With that said, Shi Yu didn’t wait for the other party to answer and directly threw Yue’e and the Star Moon Fox at them.

[Don’t participate in the world competition. Don’t go and die with this little strength,] Shi Yu thought. At that time, the other enemies wouldn’t be as kind as him.

The totem countries were also enemies against each other. If it weren’t for the fact that many totems were restraining each other and were also wary of each other, the Seven Nation Alliance wouldn’t be so stable.

This made Shi Yu feel that when he had the strength, he could subdue a few totem countries to play with.

For example, didn’t the Heavenly Fox Nation like to cozy up to powerful people? They could also cozy up to him.

Moreover, the Space Emperor actually built the altar here. Perhaps since ancient times, this place had been Dong Huang’s territory…

The hostage was thrown over.

At the same time, they disappeared collectively!

They quickly took Yue’e and the Star Moon Fox. At the same moment, the Fox God’s projection flew into the sky and sensed the enemy’s traces.

But…

The expression of the Fox God’s projection darkened. The aura and energy wave had completely disappeared?

How was this possible? A mere legend Beast Tamer…

….

Hu hu hu…

On the super high clouds in the starry sky, a gem cat opened its starry eyes and sat on the clouds, flying leisurely.

It said that its escape was first-rate.

“Do you want to come out and see the scenery?” The gem cat knocked on the ruins space. Just as Shi Yu came out, he was shocked. He grabbed the cloud cautiously as if he had lost half his life.

“Damn, why do you still know how to summon Sun Wukong’s Cloud?”

“Sun Wukong? What’s that?” The gem cat was stunned.

Shi Yu said, “Cough, it’s nothing.”

Shi Yu felt that he was currently protected in a Psychic barrier. The cloud’s flying speed was very fast, but it made Shi Yu feel very good. He said, “Did you hear what the fox god projection said just now?”

“According to the memories I’ve investigated, the Fox God’s main body seems to have conflicted with some faction.”

“Don’t worry, it’s not the Butterfly God.” The gem cat yawned and said, “The tool President Lin gave me to contact the Butterfly God is still intact. If something happens over there, I would know.”