Chapter 686 - Talent Plundering, Target Candidate (5)

Including the battle power distribution in the legendary mystic realm, the information on the black goat being dark-element, and the specific battle power information of Legend Bai Chuan, everything was shared with Shi Yu one by one so as to make the next mission smoother.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You should know the information about the Seven Islands’ Bai Chuan, right?”

At this point, Legend Ke wanted to slack off because Shi Yu had also gone to the Seven Islands at that time. Bai Chuan was an important clue to the Ke Yuan Financial Group, the Poison Dragon Totem, and the Yun An faction. Legend Ke believed that Shi Yu, the minister of the Environmental Protection Department, should know very well, so he wanted to skip it.

However, Shi Yu said, “Cough, tell me about it.”

The corners of Legend Ke’s mouth twitched. “Ke Yuan Financial Group’s Bai Chuan, Beast Tamer level seven. His Beast Taming Talent is ‘body control’. Because of his Beast Taming Talent, he has been learning the knowledge of biological modification from a Mechanic since he was young. His ‘body control’ talent can assist his pet in controlling various organs and even a hair in an incomparably exquisite manner. Therefore, his attainments in biological modification are very strong, and his pet’s energy control is also very strong.”

“Therefore, the seven pets it contracted are all biological modification-type pets. Apart from that, it’s said that after reaching the Legendary level, his ‘body control’ talent can also allow him to control the changes in every organ and hair on his own. His control over his body has also reached a very high level. Because of this talent, his physical fitness is very strong. He can even mobilize his mind and soul power through ‘body control’ and even develop spiritual power.”

“However, due to the weak physique of humans, the Seven Islands say that his special abilities are only comparable to commander-level pets, but you have to be wary of his hidden methods. Apart from that, his pets are…”

Legend Ke quickly introduced the information about Legend Bai Chuan to Shi Yu. Shi Yu was originally listening quietly, but as Legend Ke introduced this Legend Bai Chuan’s Beast Taming Talent, Shi Yu was stunned.

He first thought that it was no wonder the Ke Yuan Financial Group could create the Poison Dragon Totem and use the power of Yun An to modify creatures. It turned out that this Bai Chuan Legend’s Beast Taming Talent specialized in this aspect.

Then, after hearing that Legend Bai Chuan could even use the “body control” talent to control his body, mind, and soul energy, Shi Yu’s brain rumbled.

In an instant, he felt that his thoughts were extremely smooth.

When he studied the “Telepathy” talent and wanted to develop telepathy into a strengthening ability, what was he lacking the most?

What he lacked was a way to control his various energies.

Due to the aptitude of humans, apart from the Beast Taming Talent skill, it was very difficult for humans to control their energy. Even if Chi Tong possessed Shi Yu, it would only directly consume Shi Yu’s strength.

Although Shi Yu’s mental strength was not necessarily inferior to a monarch-level ferocious beast, he could not materialize his mental strength to condense Psychic power.

However, Psychic power could be done by an Awakening-level spiritual pet.

If humans wanted to control energy other than the ability to control beasts, there was only one way. That was to become a hybrid and obtain the aptitude of other races.

Therefore, it was as difficult as ascending to the heavens for Shi Yu to control other energy and develop telepathy himself.

However, Legend Bai Chuan’s “body control” talent stunned Shi Yu. He suddenly thought of a key problem.

If he plundered the “body control” talent with the Talent Bead and could control his body, mind, and soul energy with the support of the Talent Bead, did that mean that he could try to fuse other energies and develop the telepathy talent?

“A plundered talent is ultimately an external force attached to a tool. Just like the Awakening Mirror, it can’t grow.”

“However, if I can plunder this control talent and develop my telepathy talent through the body control talent, making telepathy very strong… This way, as I grow, telepathy can continue to evolve infinitely. Everything will be my own strength.”

Instead of relying on other people’s talent…

It was better to use other people’s talent to develop his talent.

This way, its value could be maximized.

“Apart from that, the functionality of ‘body control’ sounds pretty good. It might help Ling study the ‘tenth inscription’ and ‘Kirin Phantom’.”

At the thought of this, Shi Yu seemed to have suddenly found the best candidate to use the Talent Bead he had obtained from An Chang.

This Legend Bai Chuan who had joined the Yun An faction… His talent… was the best choice!!

“What’s wrong with you?”

Legend Ke realized that as he spoke, Shi Yu’s eyes were green.

This disguise even had a flash effect???

“This Bai Chuan must be taken…” Shi Yu said,” This kid is too critical. We can’t let him escape. ”

“Moreover, we have to keep him alive. We can’t kill him.”

If he killed it, he wouldn’t be able to plunder the talent.

“Of course I know that.” Legend Ke nodded. If he didn’t squeeze enough information from Legend Bai Chuan, how could he let him die so easily?

After everyone finished exchanging information, they waited.

Not only were they waiting for Dong Huang’s reinforcements…

They were also waiting for the update on Qu Ling at the legendary ruins.

The Butterfly God used its skill to turn everyone’s aura fluctuations into wind. By observing the situation here, it could react at the fastest speed.