Chapter 682 - Talent Plundering, Target Candidate (1)

Moon City.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A violent explosion sounded in the Holy Land.

The Fox God Statue also appeared.

At this moment, the Beast Tamers in Moon City had already determined what was going on.

The Moonlight family’s master summoned his monarch fox with red eyes and rode it towards the Moon Lord Holy Land.

At the same time, the city guards in Moon City and the Beast Tamers of the many Beast Tamer families in Moon City also rushed to the Moon Lord Holy Land one by one.

In Moon City, the Fox God Statue was supreme. On top of that, the Moon Lord Holy Land was inviolable. Now, battle fluctuations that resounded through the sky came from the Moon Lord Holy Land. Clearly, a huge change had happened!!

Soon, the Moonlight family head arrived outside the Holy Land.

The nearby city guards were even faster than them, but the hundreds of city guards Beast Tamers gathered around didn’t dare to approach the holy land at all.

The pets of these ordinary city guards were not foxes. There were pets of various races. At this moment, the pets also had fear on their faces, completely stunned by deterrence!

The battle of overlords was not something these commander and transcendent pets could interfere in at all.

“That’s…”

After the Moonlight family’s master arrived, he looked at the sky of the Holy Land in shock. A huge white nine-tailed fox was fighting three undead!!

The nine-tailed fox’s divine might was peerless. Its three opponents, the flood dragon spirit, the tiger spirit, and the turtle spirit, each had an incomparably terrifying deterrence. However, after a battle, the nine tails swept over, and the three undead attacking it immediately retreated in defeat.

However, there were three opponents, and they were all overlords. The Moonlight family’s master could also tell that the Fox God couldn’t let out all its might. Because the Nine-Tailed Heavenly Fox wanted to protect the city-state, it was very difficult for it to fight with all its might.

The battle of overlords could destroy cities.

The battle of totems could even destroy countries.

In order to protect its citizens, the fox god was controlling the aftermath of the battle.

“Fox God Phantom!”

“Overlord undead!”

“How’s Yue’e?” After the Moonlight family head arrived, he immediately cared about his daughter. His daughter had just entered the Moon Lord Holy Land. He wanted to enter with a panicked expression, but the Star Moon Fox beside him immediately stopped him.

“Calm down, the overlord battle isn’t something we can interfere in.”

Be it the deterrence emitted by the Fox God’s projection or the deterrence emitted by the three undead overlords, they made it difficult for ordinary monarchs to move.

“But Yue’e…”

“Let’s inform the Moon Lord to return to the city first,” the Star Moon Fox said.

In the Holy Land.

Shi Yu quietly guarded the altar and also controlled the three overlord undead to not let the aftermath of the battle affect them.

He was a little regretful now. Why did he have to cosplay as a villain? In the end, he provoked the Fox God’s projection.

If he could restart it, he wanted to be a good person and be friends with this lady in front of him. After coaxing the little girl, he would leave quietly.

It was not fun to pretend to be a villain at all. It was easy to kick the wrong target that happened to have plot armor. What kind of ordinary level-six Beast Tamer had the protection of totem clones?

At this moment, the female Beast Tamer and her Star Moon Fox, who had entered the Holy Land at the start, were directly knocked out by the deterrence in the battle of the four overlords. Buggy in Shi Yu’s pocket teleported her over.

Buggy’s Dream Stealing abilities still successfully entered her dream, making Shi Yu understand what was going on. It turned out that the Fox God had given every genius of the Heavenly Fox Nation a protective blessing.

With this blessing, the projection clones of the hundreds of fox statues in the Heavenly Fox Nation could become the bodyguards of these geniuses!

“The Moon God Fox actually went to the ruins mystic realm?”

“The Fox God, the Heavenly Fox Saintess, and most of the main battle power of the Heavenly Fox Nation went over there?”

“A mysterious faction is confronting the Heavenly Fox Nation outside the ruins?”

“Wait, this mysterious faction can’t be the Butterfly God and the others, right? Don’t tell me they’ve been exposed.”

“Then have I… caused trouble to them now?”

Shi Yu really obtained a lot of useful information from this young lady of Moon City.

His expression kept changing. He didn’t want to be delayed here any longer. He also wanted to hurry to the ruins with the gem cat to take a look.

He felt guilty…

Although he was using Old Demon Lin’s identity now… it was still easy for there to be a misunderstanding.

“Mi, Mi!!”

At this moment, Chi Tong reminded Shi Yu that at this rate, the three overlord undead might be blown up by this fox god projection!!

The power of this fox god projection seemed to be continuously increasing.

In the sky, the Fox God’s Nine Tails slapped down and directly smashed the Mountain Tortoise Spirit into the ground. If it weren’t for the fact that this turtle’s defense was strong, it would have already lost its ability to fight.

The absolute zero of the Ice-Eyed Tiger Spirit was originally extremely resistant to energy moves, and even more so to this kind of mental clone. However, the reaction speed of this fox god clone was actually not inferior to Ling, who had top-notch intelligence. It directly crossed the snowstorm and sent the Tiger Spirit flying.

Only the flood dragon spirit was a little stronger. Coupled with the transcendent dragon might and reverse scale, it could restrain the fox god projection.

“Mi.”

Chi Tong suggested something according to the movie plot it had seen. It would use this totem country’s Beast Tamer as a hostage to force the Fox God to yield. They could strive to walk further and further onto the path of the villain.

“That projection clearly doesn’t have high intelligence.” Shi Yu directly refuted Chi Tong’s suggestion. Although this projection’s battle power wasn’t weak, it didn’t seem to have any consciousness.

It had protected its genius for so long. How could it let its protected target be knocked out by the battle deterrence and then be picked up by the enemy?

“It’s almost done.” At this moment, the gem cat was hiding and protecting the Starry Sky Altar and the egg in the overlord battle beside it. It stared at the egg with a burning gaze and said to Shi Yu, “Hold on for another two minutes.”