Chapter 696 - First Totem Kill(8)

Under the alternation of the sun and moon.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Boom!!!

Endless strong light spread in the surroundings. At this moment, the Black Meteorite Yak was instantly awakened from its madness, its eyes filled with indescribable shock.

In the next moment, its entire body was directly swallowed by strong light and flames. A terrifying energy wave shook the sky and earth, forming a spreading explosion. Everything in the range of the explosion would directly sublimate.

“What exactly is this!!!” The Black Meteorite Yak had just woken up and broken through the seal. At this moment, it didn’t know what was going on at all. Its gaze was filled with fear, and it felt that a power that threatened its origin was corroding its weak body.

Bit by bit, its body slowly turned into dust and floated away under the flames.

The explosion spread very quickly!

It directly caused a strong vibration in space.

If it weren’t for the fact that the legendary ruins could withstand demigod-level attacks…

At this moment, the entire ruins space would have probably collapsed.

But even so, the terrifying power of the self-destruction was extremely terrifying.

For example, the current spirit of the ruins, Ji Mengzhu, was quite terrified.

The strong wind of the explosion spread crazily. At a speed of hundreds of meters per second, it quickly spread for more than ten kilometers before gradually slowing down.

Although the destructive power continued to weaken, it instantly made the entire legendary ruin into a mess. Of course, during this process, the power of the sun surprisingly burned and cleansed most of the dark radiation inside the ruin!!

At this moment, under Shi Yu’s suggestion, Ji Mengzhu, who had run to the edge of the ruins with Shi Yu, was still filled with incomparable shock.

She looked at the gray-robed old man as if he was looking at a monster.

“Tch, it’s not easy to absorb moonlight here. Seems like this is the biggest explosion it can get?” Beside Ji Mengzhu, Shi Yu curled his lips and chuckled, making this woman from 2000 years ago’s worldview collapse a little.

What happened just now?

At this moment, as the spirit of the ruins, she could clearly sense that be it that ginseng baby or the sealed Black Meteorite Yak, their life auras had already disappeared!!

Self-destruct?

However, although the self-destruction didn’t reach the maximum power, because the power of the sun countered the dark power, in addition to the fact that the Black Meteorite Yak was extremely weak, Baby Ginseng still seemed to have succeeded.

However, although the Black Meteorite Yak’s life aura had disappeared, it wasn’t that miserable. It wasn’t absolutely incinerated. Of course, only a small portion of its body was left, but it was inevitable.

At the same time, a mini ginseng baby was gathering in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space.

After the Time Mark reached the expert level, it was much more convenient than before. It could directly gather its body in the contractor’s Beast Taming Space, and the contract didn’t have to be broken.

At this moment, the new ginseng baby was still not much different from before, but to be honest, its ginseng flower emitted a light like the sun and was extremely hot.

It was as if a sun flower had bloomed on the ginseng.

< Name > Undying Sun Ginseng

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Super Skill]: Source of Life (Expert+11), Time Mark (Expert), Moon Explosion (Expert), Plant Control (Expert+2), Life Fire Seed (Initiate)

[Life Fire Seed]: A super wood and fire dual-element skill. Burn life force and stimulate potential!

Energy Points: 14,880,000

….

In the outside world.

The huge door of the ruins was still completely cracked.

The Black Goat Totem and Legend Bai Chuan looked here in anticipation. As the crack grew larger and larger, a huge body fell from the ruins.

It was a roasted cow that looked like it had been roasted by flames. Its body had already turned into charcoal, and there were no longer any signs of life. Even the radiation on its body was burned clean by an unknown power.

From the energy fluctuations, it looked like it had just been burned to death.

The terrifying fluctuations spreading in the crack could be clearly sensed even in the outside world!

With a boom, it fell from the ruins.

The pupils of the Black Goat Totem and Legend Bai Chuan constricted in confusion.

Their expressions were full of shock.

What happened…

In the distance, the Fox God, the Gem Cat, and the Butterfly God looked at the totem body that fell from the legendary ruins as if it had been roasted. Their gazes were shocked, not understanding what had happened!

At this moment, two undead suddenly appeared in the crack of the ruins. It was a tiger spirit and a dragon spirit. They roared and rushed out. Under everyone’s shocked gazes, they quickly dragged the huge totem corpse back into the ruins. Then, the crack of the ruins quickly repaired, making everyone even more stunned.