Chapter 692 - First Totem Kill (4)

“The current Dong Huang is very powerful.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In the most recent totem war, the human alliance of the seven countries used a forbidden weapon to destroy three demigods. Therefore, not only in the east, the totem wars in the world have also ended.”

“Therefore, as long as this weapon arrives, you don’t have to worry about this Yun Race general causing too much damage at all. According to what I know, there should be a cleansing-type forbidden weapon in the country. It’s not difficult to cleanse radiation of this level.”

“At that time, when the Yun race general breaks through the seal, you can evacuate with the ruins. The Fallen Race general will be handed to the current Dong Huang to settle!”

Shi Yu looked at the radiation on the ground. A radiation of this level should be far inferior to Yun An. At most, it was stronger than that Poison Dragon Totem. There was no need to worry at all.

There was no need to let the gem cat and the butterfly god take the risk. They could wait for weapons!

If possible, he didn’t want this senior similar to Senior Panda to sacrifice herself.

“There’s such a thing?” Ji Mengzhu revealed a shocked expression.

“Yes, it shouldn’t be long before reinforcements arrive. Even if they don’t carry forbidden weapons now and return to get them, it shouldn’t be long. Two days should be enough,” Shi Yu said.

Ji Mengzhu suddenly felt that 2000 years in the future was extremely unfamiliar to her.

Forbidden weapons that could destroy three demigods?

How had Dong Huang developed after 2000 years?

Ji Mengzhu was a little tempted by Shi Yu’s words. If she could survive, she naturally wanted to see how the current Iron-eating Beasts were.

“Wuu!!!” Beside him, Eleven was extremely regretful.

It hated itself for being too weak. Otherwise, how good would it be if it could deal with this Yun race general and even the black goat outside?

“If it’s really as you say…” Ji Mengzhu said.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “There’s definitely no problem. At the moment, Dong Huang has even rebuilt the Iron-eating Beast Corps. A female feeder is also in charge of nurturing it. She obtained some of the cultivation methods of the Iron-eating Beast from Senior Chong Xuan. When the time comes, you will definitely be very surprised to see her…”

This was a powerful feeder who had nurtured iron-eating beasts for Emperor Wu 2000 years ago, and it was suspected to be Senior Panda’s ancestor. Shi Yu felt that if the two of them met, Senior Panda should be able to take off. It would be best if she became a disciple!

He couldn’t let her commit suicide.

When Ji Mengzhu heard Shi Yu’s words, she smiled. However, at this moment, with a boom, a huge dark-element energy erupted from afar.

The entire sealed space rumbled and trembled.

The radiation in the entire ruins space was even stronger.

This scene made Ji Mengzhu smile and shake her head with a regretful expression. “Thank you, but it might be too late.”

“It’s about to break free of the seal. I’m afraid it won’t take two minutes. This is a ruin stone containing the iron-eating beast’s evolution resources. Next, I’ll teleport you out of here. Leave it to me to settle.”

“We can’t let it have any chance to escape. I don’t know if Yun An was completely killed by Lord Emperor Wu. Yun An has the ability to revive. The power on these meteorites is very good revival nutrients for Yun An, so you can understand, right?”

“I have a reason why I can’t let it escape from here, no matter what,” Ji Mengzhu said.

A ruin stone appeared in Shi Yu’s hand. At the same time, his expression suddenly changed. Why was it so fast?

Not to mention forbidden weapons, even the first batch of reinforcements might not be able to arrive in time.

According to Ji Mengzhu, it was unrealistic to rely on the gem cat and the butterfly god, because there were still the companions of the Yun general in the outside world.

In a battle, the casualties would definitely be incomparably huge.

“Leave it to me.”

He looked at Ji Mengzhu’s determined attitude, who was determined to sacrifice herself and kill this Yun clan general here.

It was impossible for Shi Yu to understand. Because Ji Mengzhu had grown up in the era of Emperor Wu, she knew better than anyone the threat of Yun An’s strength and the Yun clan. Therefore, she was unwilling to let this Yun clan general have any chance to escape.

In her opinion, if the Yun An faction made a comeback because of the breakthrough of this totem, it would be a huge threat to the entire human race and the entire east.

She didn’t understand the power of forbidden weapons, but she knew the power of the Yun Race very well. After all, her home was destroyed by them.

“Huh???” Eleven also looked at this auntie who was similar to Lin Xiuzhu. Was she going to sacrifice herself to destroy the sealed monster?

It also had an anxious expression. No, when it grew to the totem level, it could defeat it.

“Senior Ji, where are the artifact of this ruin? Give it to me. I’ll take it and bring you away first. Don’t care about this guy.”

Ji Mengzhu smiled and said, “It’s alright.”

With that said, she was about to teleport Shi Yu and Eleven. Shi Yu was really frustrated at such a woman who didn’t listen to reason.

Seeing that the teleportation wave had already enveloped Shi Yu, Shi Yu suddenly shouted, “Wait.”

He used the ruins ring to enter an ethereal state to block the teleportation. At the same time, he said,

“Senior Ji, the inside of this legendary ruin should be able to withstand power enough to destroy totems, right?”

“According to what I know, unless it self-destructs, only demigod-level power can destroy the legendary ruins space.”

“You just said that the Yun Race general can’t destroy the ruins. He can only break free and leave after dealing with you.”