Chapter 697 - Evolution Of The Undying Sun Ginseng

The ruins were extremely hot.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction of the Snake Lord and the Earth Demon Ape was purely wood-element and light-element damage.

And this time, apart from wood-element and light-element damage, there was also some fire-element damage because it burned its life force after eating the Sun Flame Flower.

Because it had yet to completely digest the power of the Sun Flame Flower at that time, it was not purely fire-element damage, but fire-element damage similar to Chi Tong’s Sun Flame.

Sun Fire had a fatal restraining effect on curses, plagues, darkness, and poison.

In addition, when the Black Meteorite Yak broke through the seal, its state was extremely poor and it was unable to resist at all. It was instantly destroyed by Baby Ginseng’s unprecedented explosion.

Life Fire+Moon Explosion+Sun Flame Flower+Time Fruit+Weakened opponent. It wouldn’t work if one of them was lacking!

First totem kill!

The legendary Feeder of the Emperor Wu Era, Ji Mengzhu, looked at the scene in the ruins in shock. As the spirit of the ruins, she was very clear about the power of that attack just now!!

That was what a level-six Beast Tamer’s pet could do?

What a joke!

A totem attack was only so-so!

Although the Black Meteorite Yak’s strength had fallen to an extremely low level because it had been sealed for 2000 years, the Black Meteorite Yak was still one of the 12 totem war generals under Yun An. Top-notch strength!

A starving camel was still bigger than a horse. No matter how poor its condition was, it was still a totem-level life form. There was a difference in the level of life. How could it be instantly killed by a monarch-level pet summoned by a level-six Beast Tamer…

Moreover, that pet was an extremely ridiculous ginseng baby…

The race of ginseng babies was also very common in ancient times. During the era of Emperor Wu Dynasty, Beast Tamers valued martial arts, so supplements and recovery-type pets were also mainstream. Ji Mengzhu was naturally extremely familiar with ginseng babies.

But now, after 2000, she wasn’t familiar with Baby Ginseng anymore…

What mutated species was it?

After the shock, Ji Mengzhu reacted. The life aura of the ginseng baby had also completely disappeared.

She carefully recalled the scene just now.

Baby Ginseng ate the legendary resource and then emitted a huge power, creating a huge explosion. Then, the enemy and its life aura completely disappeared…

No matter how Ji Mengzhu thought about it, this situation looked very much like self-destruction!!!

If it was self-destruction… Although it was still very difficult to understand how a level-six Beast Tamer’s pet used self-destruction to kill a totem, if a legendary resource was added, it might be possible? But…

She looked at Shi Yu beside her and said, “Where’s that ginseng baby…”

“In that case, you might as well let me detonate the ruins… That’s your pet!”

His contracted pet should be more important than her.

Was this old man in front of her crazy?

He could have left directly…

Wait…! She looked at Shi Yu in silence. She didn’t care much previously, but from the looks of it, this old man’s aura and style… he didn’t look like a good person.

“Senior Ji, don’t think too much. I only do things within my ability.” Shi Yu chuckled. In front of him, the purple summoning array appeared again.

As the light outlined, Ji Mengzhu’s eyes widened. This was because the figure that appeared on the summoning array was Baby Ginseng, who had just eaten the Sun Flame Fruit and ran to the Black Meteorite Yak to self-destruct!!

At this moment, the ginseng baby had a ‘it’s lonely at the top’ expression. There was still a weak fire burning on the ginseng flower. It raised its hand and wanted to give Shi Yu a thumbs up, meaning that it didn’t disappoint, but unfortunately, it didn’t have a finger.

“This…”

“How is this possible!!!”

At that moment, Baby Ginseng’s appearance once again pierced through the values of this “old woman” from 2000 years ago. She was stunned and couldn’t understand why Baby Ginseng, who seemed to have made an incomparably huge sacrifice just now and was suspected to have killed a totem two levels higher, was still so lively now, as if it didn’t have any injuries…

No, it even looked stronger than the first time it appeared??

Was this really reasonable?

Why did she feel that the thing in front of her was even more ridiculous than the incurable injury brought by Yun An’s prototype divine skill!

“Senior Ji, times have changed,” Shi Yu said with a faint smile.

Ji Mengzhu’s expression was messy. Have the times really changed?

Beast Tamers after 2000 years could actually kill totems at level six?

Although she didn’t know what was going on… It looked like… she didn’t have to die.

Ji Mengzhu was silent. This way, wouldn’t she be able to take a look at Dong Huang 2000 years later?

However, at that time, she definitely couldn’t show her fear. She definitely couldn’t be like this, like someone who had never seen the world.

[Even a level-six Beast Tamer in 2000 years in the future might be able to kill totems! Remember, remember!]

At the same time, Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng.

< Name > Ginseng Baby

[Race]: Undying Sun Ginseng

[Attributes]: Wood, Time, Light, Fire

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

In this mutation evolution, the ginseng baby’s race was undoubtedly stronger.

Fortunately, the Sun Flame Flower was a mutated evolution resource this time and not a strengthening resource. Otherwise, Baby Ginseng might have directly broken through to the overlord level during the evolution process. Shi Yu was completely unprepared for that.

According to the changes in its body, the current ginseng baby’s body contained four attributes at the same time. This situation was very rare.

Of course, in nature, it wasn’t as if the more attributes transcendent creatures had, the better. The more attributes they had, the easier it was for their bodies to have problems. At the same time, the term “miscellaneous” was more suitable for them.